---
layout: default
title: "Banished Sage"
description: "22"
subtitle: "Countermeasure Meeting"
date: 2021-11-03 02:46:52 +0530
categories: the-banished-sage-who-escaped-his-childhood-friend
permalink: "bswehcf-c22"
---


As soon as we returned to Arland, instad of going to the adventurers guild to report, we went to Anju's mansion on our feet.

I felt somewhat sorry to use her house as if it were an inn, but we don't want anyone to hear our conversation from now on. 

The walls of the inn were thin and it was easy to leak information there ... 

Needless to say, we had to discuss something important,

As a result, Anju's mansion was selected as the perfect abode. 

In response to this, Anju suggested that we should stay at her house tonight.

She was a gentle child.

I somehow wanted to return this grace properly. 

"... That's why." 

I confessed to Anju and Nine the part I had been hiding from them until now ... my relationship with Leticia. Needless, to say they would have their questions about the relationship between the hero and me.

And since they had already witnessed it all, I shouldn't try hide it ...

They also wanted to know the situation, so they decided to heed to my confessions. 

"Oh, this house is quite large. I'll pass it passes in quality for my resting place." 

By the way, Sana too came with me. I hope that she didn't though.

"For the hero to have done such a thing ..." 

Anju frowned when he learned of Leticia's true face.

They were different than the people who I had confessed to before. At least they believed me unlike the others...

Nine, who was behind her, had a similar face. 

"I broke up with Leticia and left the party, but for some reason Leticia is obsessed with me and chased me to this point. I don't know what she is even thinking about at this point..."

"Isn't it because she wants to make use of Haru-san's power?

"How can that be true ..."

Sigh

I hadn't realized it until recently. But I am strong. 

Dragon ... I can win in a battle against someone like Sana.

As everyone said, my power is out of the standard.

I hadn't really felt that way, but ... I was able to recognize it to some extent.

I was able to build up a bit of confidence on it at least. It seems that I myself ain't able to come to tabs with my strength. 

But I don't think Leticia relies on my power.

Rather it was the opposite.

I feel like she was forcing me not to fight at all. She was overly protective in a rotten kind of way. 

"Did she get jealous of Haru's power? As far as I can tell, Hull seems to have more power than the hero. She must have got jealous of that and thus treated him badly. Isn't there a possibility that ... "

"I think Nine's reasoning might be correct, but it's still a mystery as to why she would be obsessed with Haru."

"" Hmm "" 

Everyone nodded their head.

I'm was already confused at the mysterious Leticia and I don't know what she is thinking.

But...

What are these guys thinking about?

They are equally mysterious. 

"Isn't that hero just wanting to possess my master to herself?" 

Suddenly, Sana said such a thing. She was the only one not that mysterious but she was incredibly stupid. 

"What do you mean ... what do you mean?" 

I couldn't help but ask twice.

"Is that something like wanting to keep a punching bag?"

If it's Leticia then it could be possible. Sana shook her head.

"No. It's different. She wants you in a romantic sense, like she wants to make you her own thing."

"What?" 

Sana's words were enough of a shock to make my pupils to turn over. 

Leticia is trying to monopolize me in a romantic way ...

No no.

That's not possible.

If she had that kind of feeling, she wouldn't have treated me like trash. 

"Regretable, even if the master has such ridiculous power, he's still a long way off when it comes to the path of love." 

She is saying it with such a face as if she is good at it. When it comes from a little girl like her it feels even more unreal.

I was a little frustrated. 

"Women change people when love is involved. Sometimes they become kind and sometimes they become scary. Changes vary from person to person. But, it might sometimes seem impossible for these changes to be too much since most suffer minor changes. Various changes..."

Anju butted in seemingly intervening the adult talk,

"Is that ... in the case of Leticia then, is her feelings for Haru so strong, that she has a strong desire of wanting to posses him for herself?"

"I think so, that's the case." 

When asked by Anju, Sana nodded with a confident look.

When I tried to say that all of this were stupid claims ..., I noticed that Alice and Nine also nodded in sync as they seemed to be completely convinced. 

"It's not an impossible theory. It must have been that out of that desire, that she had done such terrible things to Haru. I remember hearing that common for people like her who are called Tsundere."

"Maybe it wasn't because she was jealous of Haru's talent that she tried to hold him down not allowing him to weild his power. She was afraid that Haru, who had became stronger, would leave her behind one day. Therefore, she felt compelled to tie him up. " 

Everyone's reasoning went on and on, but I'm not convinced.

What was behind Leticia's actions was love ...

Even if I were to believe all of that, what should I do? 

If so, should I forgive her?

Should I accept her feelings? 

Such a thing ...

"Let's keep this topic aside for the time being." 

Suddenly, Alice butted in like that. 

"We don't know about the hero, but we've just finished the pilgrimage, so it's a good idea to take a break, right?"

"That's right ..."

"I'm sorry. I should have been aware of that ..."

"You are as tired as we are. Let's take a break."

"I want to eat good food! I hear that all human food is good!"

"Hmm, I see. Sure, it's about time for dinner ... Nine, can you prepare?"

"Yes, young lady." 

In this way, a break was organized ... 

Did Alice tell them to take a break, noticing that I was in trouble?

I couldn't help but think about that. 

**

After having a meal, I took a bath and was guided to the room as I was.

It seems that the conversation was at least over today. 

"Fu" 

I opened the window and took look at the night view of the city.

It was very beautiful, but I wasn't able to mersmerize on it probably because I were actually deep in thought. Even till date I am not able to get over those abuse. 

"Leticia ... with me?" 

I can't believe such a thing.

It can't be possible.

It's hard to believe that the cussing and ridicule that I've been facing until were actually out of love. 

but ...

What if everyone's reasoning is correct?

What if there was love for me at the root of Leticia's actions?

At that time, I ... 

"Haru, is everything good?" 

Looking back, Alice stood behind me before I knew it. 

"I'm sorry. No matter how many times I knocked, I didn't get a reply, so I entered without asking."

"Oh, oh ... okay. I was a little troubled, so ..."

"Is it about Leticia?"

Alice asked.

Sigh.

"... Yeah. Actually, I am not sure how to respond to it, but what should I do ... Sometimes I think that it would have been better, no... I would have been rather glad and it would be much easier for me, if everything about Leticia is malicious." 

Those words came out of my mouth almost naturally.

It was strange.

I felt like I could share anything with Alice without the least bit of worry of being ridiculed. If at all she had save me time and time again. 

"Haru is really kind"

"Why lead you to that conclusion?"

"For some reason, I'm not trying to think about Leticia at all. Why should I care about someone who is a completely stranger let alone someone who treated you so badly. But Haru is different. I've done terrible things to her without even blinking an eye, I might have to reflect on it."

"That's not the case... I'm just indecisive and I just can't make a decision ..."

"I think that's your kindness is what drives you to that state. You can't help but think even about your enemies." 

Is that so? 

I should have decided to break up with Leticia.

I should have declared it.

But when a little possibility came up, that foundation was already shaken ...

I don't want to forgive Leticia. But is that really the right thing to do?

Yet, Alice says I am kind. 

I am…… 

"You don't have to rush to find an answer. Haru is a little too impatient. Think about it slowly."

"Is that possible?"

"Yes, it is." 

Alice's words make my chest a little lighter. 

"Thank you. I think I feel better now."

"you're welcome"

"So ... what about to Alice? What are you doing here?"

"Haru had a worried expression on his face, so I just came to see." 

It seems that the reason why the discussion about me and Leticia that had broke out was interrupted was due to Alice's consideration of me. 

"If that's so ... Thank you. Alice is always helping me."

"Then, could you treat me with delicious rice next time?"

"Okay, let's go eat."

"I was easily accepted ... I wonder if I should choose the one that is extremely expensive?"

"... I'll have to refuse you politely."

"Ahaha" 

Talking to Alice like this is a lot of fun.

It feels like I'm back to my childhood days when everything seemed to be so much fun... yet it became hell ever since Leticia changed. 

"Wait..."

"What's wrong?"

"No, it's strange ... I feel like I have talked to Alice a long time ago."

"That's ...!"

"Well, maybe we have?"

"... Yeah, no. Isn't it just a misunderstanding?" 

Is that so ...?

Something is struck in my memory threatening to resurface ... but I can't seem to remember. 

"Since, Haru seems to have resolved his problem, so I'll go back to my room. Good night Haru."

There seems to be something wrong there...

"Alice"

"Yes?"

"Oh no ... nothing. Good night."

"Yeah, good night" 

I wish her good night with a bright smile ... I wonder if that would help her.

Is it just in my mind or does Alice looked somewhat lonely? 





