---
layout: default
title: "Banished Sage"
description: "24"
subtitle: "Analysis Gone out of Control"
date: 2021-11-13 02:46:52 +0530
categories: the-banished-sage-who-escaped-his-childhood-friend
permalink: "bswehcf-c24"
---

Go! !! !! 

A roaring thunder struck down the slopes of Mt. Crest.

The ground was scooped out and vaporized as if a meteorite had crashed down. 

"Ho, ho ... Wasn't that a little overkill?" 

Leticia appeared from within the rising smoke. 

Leticia was trapped in a grave. She had burst open through her shackles breaking it free.

She had forcibly created an escape route to the outside. 

It was powerful enough to evaporate the mountains and create craters.

The tombs of numerous heroes looked beyond repair. Years of heritage was demolished by a single hero. But ... 

"Why ... why do you make a grave in such a place? Make it somewhere suitable at least! This place doesn't need a grave, that is why I destroyed it ..." 

Leticia didn't seem to care about it all.

Rather, it was quite the opposite. 

"Haru you!... Not just Alice, but also two other strange women too ... and somehow you enslaved a child, that lolicon ..." 

If the truth were to be dug up, Haru was not trying to enslave Sana rather it was quit the opposite. Sana had forced herself on him.

But Leticia had already forgotten about that fact.

The impact of the word slave and also from a young girl like that was so great that she couldn't remember anything else. 

She had only put the word slave to her memory ...

As a result, the false perception that Haru was trying to enslave a small girl was imprinted in her brain. 

Her simple minded approach was one the of the many drawbacks that Leticia had. 

"Haru, you are mine. But you have done such stupid things to me over and over again ... I'll never forgive you! I'll drill into your brain what your position is." 

Leticia body burned with her rage and anger, 

"... But what should I do?" 

But her rage disappeared in the brink of an eye as she tranquility returned to her face.

Can she reclaim Haru just by chasing him like this? 

"... It's difficult" 

By Haru's stubborn attitude, it was clear that Leticia would be continued to be rejected.

...... But whether she would allow it or not, was a completely different matter altogether. 

"I mean, Haru's mine, so why did he suddenly go against me?" 

Leticia could help but think.

She kept thinking and thinking ... until the sun rose above the horizon and the next day had already arrived. 

"That woman's work ... I wonder?" 

That woman, her name... Alice.

She may have infused Haru with something unnecessary in my absence. 

Also, there were those two women who I have never seen before. They seemed suspicious too.

There is a high possibility that they are filling up his ears with something to make Haru go against me. 

"Yeah ... yeah, it must be!" 

Had Leticia known about the facts she would have realized that her theory was full of holes...

But, Leticia did not deny her idea.

Rather, she strongly affirmed on it with the reasoning that she can't possibly think of anything else that would work out here. 

She had a strong sense of belief in her skills as a hero.

This is also one of the drawbacks that Leticia had. 

"I should put off punishing Haru for now... First of all, should I have to cut him off from those women." 

"Haru broke up with me only because of the women that are around him."

"Otherwise, Haru couldn't possibly be with any other women but me."

"So, if I eliminate the women around him, Haru's thinking will change." 

"Yes that's it!" 

She had come to the conclusion.

Her resoning was nothing but brute forcing through it, but unfortunately no one could possibly correct her mistakes. She was all alone. 

"But when it comes to it... who should I start with?" 

There were already three women around Haru. 

Alice, was an adventurer.

There was also another women dressed like a priest whom I have never seen.

And a third woman who was dressed in a maid outfit who was seemed to be suspicious. 

"Hmm?" 

As their visages flashed across her mind Leticia chanced upon something unusual.

Leticia thought of Alice. 

"That woman ... haven't I met her somewhere?"

"It was supposed to be my first meeting with her, but I feel like I had exchanged words with her before." 

"Hmm strange... Maybe I should put off dealing with her for now..." 

Did Leticia conscience allowed her to show consideration for her former childhood friend?

Or was it just a whim on her part? 

Either way, she chose to exclude Alice from her target least... at least in the near present. 

"In that case ... I think it's better to aim for the other two. Huh, but what should I do?"