---
layout: default
title: "Banished Sage"
description: "1"
subtitle: "I Banished Myself"
date: 2021-09-04 02:46:52 +0530
categories: Banished Sage
permalink: "c1"
---

“Haru are you fucking kidding me? You imbecile! You cretin! Coward! You freaked out at the sight of such a weak monster adn even failed to chant any magic… what are you going to do? What were you thinking messing up with a small fry like that!?”

“I thought that if it was a monster at that level even a talentless idiot like you could figure something out.”
Letica’s brows twitched as she glared at me in front of her as if I was some absolute filth.

Her name was Letica Platinum. She was a first class hero with the title of hero and also I once used to claim her to be my childhood friend..

In this world she is even claimed to be the goddess who had descended to the earth.

Not only does she have strength far surpassing anyone else, but her heart too was known to be as  benevolent as a true goddess.

In addition, she also had the appearance that would not bring upon shame to the title of the goddess.

If there are 10 men, almost nine of them will surely look back and fall in love with her.

The adventurers of her party described Leticia as a sculpturally perfected beauty.

But were things truly like that? The real face of the ‘goddess’ and ‘hero’ were not known but anyone but me. There was no benevolence or beauty in it. Her heart was as black as it could be.

"Ah, that's right. I understand. Haru’s cowardice far exceeds my expectations. I never realzed that you were such a big pile of shit, till now I thought that only your face looked like shit, but that's not the case. Its my bad. I'm sorry, Haru. Your entirety is filth. You're a small fry among small fry ... I didn't even think of a small fry king. "

"sorry"

"You are sorry? You can't just apologize like that. That monster almost scratched my face! Shouldn’t in such a case, you should act as a shield and die instead! "
In reality, Letica looked like this.

She is said to be kind like a goddess that descends from heaven, but that is a false mask.

This girl’s personality is distorted like this.
Only the outside mask of her is good and benevolent, so no one knows the true nature of Leticia except for me. 

But I wish I hadn't known of it either. Then I could have been exempted from this torture.

She acts nice and friendly in front of others but ...

Now that both of them are alone, Leticia is free to say whatever abuses she may want.

I once complained to my colleagues about the current situation … trying to remove the mask that she had placed on herself. Trying to unveil her filthy side to the world.

But none of them believed that Leticia could do that.

She is really, only the outside is a perfect hero, the inside is rotten. But the world would never believe.

It wasn’t like this in the beginning. But ever since she was chosen as a hero bit by bit…
I am sure she is just letting off her stress but...

"Why don't you just say something without shutting up? Did you forget how to talk because your head is empty?"

"..."

"I can't help it. Haru, I'll tell you the lines you should say. I'm sorry I made a difficult mistake even with small fry, Leticia .. please forgive me.."

Didn’t I already apologize a second ago. All she wants is to watch me beg. Just because I am weak she does as she pleases.

"..."

"Look, say it fast. Otherwise, I don't know what I'm going to do with my anger? Hey, are you listening? Haru !!!"

“HARU!!”

"I'm listening"

"eh……"

Without being frightened by Leticia's rant, I looked straight into her eyes. This is simply too much. I cannot let this continue any more.

Of course, such a reaction was unprecedented. I was probably too scared of her strength before and also I sticked with her remembering old times but the limit have been crossed.

Therefore, Leticia was a little scared.

However, she immediately puts a proud smile on his mouth and says in a strong tone.

"If you've heard it, can you put it into action? I don't like being kept waiting. See, hurry up. Oh, don't forget to grovel like a dog.."

"... No."

Leitca’s eyes shot out wide.

"What? What is it now?"

"I don't follow your instructions anymore."

Leticia was astonished as if it was the first time she had seen a bird talking.

Indeed it was the first time. I grabbed my chest and the feeling of exhaliaration that came from rebelling itself was amazing.

"Are you insane? If you do not apologize, you will be banished from my party."

"So things are like this huh?"

I've been a childhood friend of Leticia, and I've known her since even in the earliest memories of my life.

At first, she had a normal personality.

However, we both walked the path of adventurers ...

From the time she was chosen as a hero, Leticia began to change.

She always denies my value and stigmatizes me as worthless.

Not only that, but also swearing on a daily basis.

Maybe she thought of me as a person to be stepped on..

Maybe by doing so, she released her stress from her work.

With Leticia, I've been traveling for over five years.

I had Shown an obedient attitude as I was told, without refuting ...

Everything has been done as Leticia says.

Why did you I that?

I think I believed in Leticia somewhere.

No ... I think I wanted to believe it.

Someday, she will return to the old gentle Leticia ...

We might be able to laugh from the bottom of our hearts like in the past ...

But such a reality was not possible after we had reached such a point. For her, I am no more worth than a meat shield.

Leticia’s strength grows earnestly ...

Power harassment was repeated almost every day.

It didn't go back to the old days, but rather it was moving farther and farther away.

But today my bottom line was crossed.

[That monster almost scratched my face! Shouldn’t in such a case, you should act as a shield and die instead!]

Those words kept on ringing in my ears. I can’t ignore all of this anymore.

In the old days, Leticia never said it.

Even if her entire jaw broke apart, she wasn't the type of girl who would say that.

But ... there is no such Leticia in the world anymore.

She is probably dead.

The moment I realized that ...

Indeed, I was stupid that it took me such a long time to realize.

Let's stop.

I can’t continue latching onto any invisible strings of hope.

Let's end it here.

Not only for me, it is not good for the stranger in front of me either.

So let's finish.

I'm today ... I'll break up with Leticia. Our friendship that had long cracked finally ends here.

"Hmph ...you fucking dared to talk back to me. I'll decide your punishment. I'll train you so that you can't think of such a playful thing."

"I won’t follow your instructions anymore."

"Can you really say that? I have a generous heart and because of that I am allowing a trash like you in the party. If you speak cheeky ... I wonder if I should kick you out?"

"OK, goodbye."

"eh?"

I was waiting for that line.

In order to bring it to this development, I dared to make a mistake with a weak monster opponent.
I dared to try it.

The result is ...

[Die for me.]

The words kept ringing in my ears.

It seems that I was unable to save the old Letica. She is already dead.

"As Leticia says, I'm leaving the party. Thank you so far."

"Well, no, hey ... eh?"

"I'll apply to unregister the party, so Leticia doesn't have to do anything. Oh yeah. Please report the monster subjugation yourself. Since I am gone, no one would be there to do it.”

"No, so ... wait!"

Leticia shouts with a panicked expression, including impatience.

It seems that she hasn't swallowed reality yet.

"What do you mean by Haru? Are you leaving my party? I don't remember allowing that."

"Nobody needs Leticia's permission. You have to report to the guild when you organize the party so that you don't have problems later ... but I've never heard of you needing permission to get out. "

"I'm not saying that! Harul's habit! You are going to go against what I say !? Are you serious !?"

"I'm serious"

"!!??……!?"

When I glared strongly, Leticia was frightened for a moment.

"I can't be with Leticia anymore. I've been thinking about it for a long time ... I'm completely determined today. It's impossible to withdraw. I and Leticia are ... strangers from today onwards."

"Well, what. With a serious face ... Why are you so angry? Did you get angry when you were told that you were a small fry? I'll apologize. "

"... You don't really understand anything."

"What, what ..."

For such Leticia … for a stranger
　
I don’t remember having any anger. Why would I be angry at a stranger?
　
I was just sad.
　
Being told to die by a good childhood friend ... I'm irresistibly sad and lonely. My long lost friend was finally confirmed to be dead.

"Goodbye"
　
Carrying the luggage bag I brought out in advance I turned my back to Leticia.

"Haru, are you serious !? Snall fish like you, you can't get out of my party! The world isn't that sweet."

"I decide what I do, not Leticia."

"Gut ... hey! Withdraw the previous statement right now! I'll forgive you now. If you cry and ask, you can come back to the party again!"

"At this point, there is no way I would do that ..."

"I'm a brave man! Getting out of my party ... it's like turning me into an enemy! Do you think you'll be unscatched after doing that !? No !? "

"See you"

I started to move forward without seeing Leticia's face screaming.

"Hey, Haru !? don’t be a fool, this is ... why don’t you just admit your mistake !? Haru !!!!"

Leticia was still screaming as before.

I left the place while listening to the screaming voice of my former childhood friend.

