---
layout: default
title: "Banished Sage"
description: "5"
subtitle: "Hair Cut"
date: 2021-09-04 02:46:52 +0530
categories: the-banished-sage-who-escaped-his-childhood-friend
permalink: "bswehcf-c5"
---


"……Thank you" 

"You're welcome"

Has it been about 30 minutes since then?

I cried on Alice's chest ...

But Alice took it firmly and didn’t even move an inch.

Thanks to that, I was able to calm down, but when I finally returned to myself, I was just embarrassed.

If there was a hole, I would like to go in there, cover myself inside it, and withdraw for a while.

"Fufu, Haru isn't just cool, he’s surprisingly cute too."

"Cute, stop ... I mean, am I cool? Is that a joke?"

I literally cried like a child with no reserves. She was indeed not done teasing.

"Why do I have to make such a joke?"

Apparently, Alice is really saying ...

I don't understand how cool I am.

I've always been abused by Leticia and was told I was ugly. But now what? Every memory and knowledge of mine was shrouded in mystery.

"I think you were really cool when you beat King Wolf. You were full of self-confidence."

"That ... I've beaten it once, so I was confident that it would work out again this time ..."

"I wish I were always that dignified. That would make you look even cooler than you are now?"

"Is that the case?"

"That's what it is. Appearance is certainly important, but more important than that is the mind. If you strengthen your mind cleanly, your appearance will naturally tighten."

It seemed that with my moping shoulders and eyes that seemed like they didn’t have any life I indeed didn’t have much of a charm to myself.

I can't imagine how cool I could have been had I not been traumatized ...

However, I felt that Alice had some reason to believe in what she said.

Of course, I'm not really interested about wanting to be cool or popular with girls.

Just to break away from Leticia completely. I want to be free of my traumas.

To say goodbye to the me, who has been trying to believe in Leticia like an idiot.

I thought it would be okay to be positive for a while.

"I don't know if it can be changed soon, but ... yeah. I'll try to be aware of it."

"Oh yeah, that's what I'm doing. So why not cut your hair?"

"hair?"

"To be honest, I don't think you have much of a hairstyle."

"Is that so?"

My hair is long... It was high time I realized that..

Thanks to that, half of my face was hidden.

The visibility was limited and it's not very good indeed ...

However, Leticia thought otherwise. I could never figure out what her motivations truly were.

["Hey? Haru should let his hair grow. It should grow not only the back but also the front. Then 
Haru's ugly face wouldn’t be seen properly by others and it will be a little better. So let your hair grow. Isn't it okay?]

What did she say that?

Thinking calmly, it's very subtle and it was hard to make any sense out of it ...

But I did as I was told at that time and have been trying to grow my hair ever since.

"That's right ... Then, why don't I try to get my hair straightened? Would it look good?"
"Then, should I do it?"

"Eh? Is Alice a barber?"

"My parents' house was a barber, and I often helped, so I can't do a full-fledged one, but I can do it as much as I can prepare it."

"Then, please take care of me."

"Yeah, I understand"

I sat in a chair and wrapped the bed sheets around my neck.

And Alice with scissors and a comb stands behind.

Ready.

"Customer, what kind of hairstyle are you going to get today?"

"Huh, what's wrong, suddenly?"

"I was just trying to give you an atmosphere."

"Ha Ha. Sure, it's like that."

It's really fun to be with Alice ...

You can laugh naturally.

Even, I can laugh like this.

When I was with Leticia, I never remember laughing.

"I'll leave it to Alice for the time being. Please do whatever you like."

"What I like ... I can try cutting it with a sword, right? That sounds cool, so I wanted to try it 
once."

"... Please forgive me."

"Ahaha, I'm kidding. I'll do it with scissors normally."

Alice happily puts scissors and a comb in my hair.

Soon, my hair was cut with a squeaking noise.

"Hmm ... I feel like I'm lining up from the front ..."

Occasionally, Alice moves the scissors, stopping her hands as she thinks.

She seemed to be used to it.

It must be true that her parents ran a barber shop.

"Why did Alice become an adventurer?"

It's also a free time to just stay still, and I'll talk about that.

"Did you ever think of taking over your parents' work?"

"Hmm ... I thought about that too. I was pretty confused, but I chose to be an adventurer."

"Why is that?"

"It's not something I say myself ... I wanted to benefit someone, isn't that it?"

"For someone……"

Alice's words mysteriously echoed deep in my heart.

"Adventurers are basically helping people, right? I'm not saying that barbers aren't good for 
anyone, but there's only so much you can do. It's difficult to help people. I want to be an adventurer who can help people. I thought so. "

"... Wow"

"What?"

"I never thought that way."

I became an adventurer because I was invited by Leticia.

I was promised to be joining the hero’s party together ...

I became an adventurer just to make that dream come true.

I've never thought of it for someone.

With that in mind, I seemed to be a terribly tiny minded person.

I am really ashamed as a man

I had no ambitions compared to Alice ...

"I think Haru is fine."

"Huh?"

"I think it's important to think about what you value, but ... it's more important to actually act."
"that is……"

"Haru has made various requests as a member of the hero’s party. Haru said he was weak, but in reality it wasn't ... you’re so strong and you were helping you team supporting them, you’re probably more active than anyone else. I can think of. "

"..."

"Even without aspiration, Haru has done something that no one can imitate. That's something I can be proud of. I guarantee."

I just met her and yet...

Alice's words are always kind.

It's very warm and slowly pampers your heart. It feels good to be spoiled.

"Haru, what's wrong?"

"... No, nothing. I'll ask after you are done with my hair."

"Okay, leave it to me"

Alice says happily and cuts my hair.

The sound of the knitting scissors felt somehow comfortable.
――――――――――

"Yes, completed"

"Oh"

I was handed a hand mirror and took a glance at my face.

The bangs on my eyes had disappeared and they were now in a good condition.

"Thank you. It was pretty refreshing ... isn’t it Alice?"

"Hmm"

Alice stared into me.

"What happened?"

"Muu"

"Maybe it failed ...?"

"Oh yeah. That's not the case. I'm sorry if you are worried about me."

She shook her head sideways and continued with her words.

"Haru is ... handsome, isn't he?"

"……What did you say?"

"I didn't realize because it was hidden under your untidy hair, but you’re a pretty handsome guy. 
What's more, I'm a little nervous ... maybe."

"Empty compliment like that are no good"

"No, I'm really serious. I think Haru is very cool. Or what. Are you going to doubt my words?"

"I don't mean that ..."

Even if I was suddenly told such a thing, I didn't feel it.

Because it was natural for Leticia to blame me for being ugly … ugh I don’t know what to believe anymore.

"Thank you for the time being. It was refreshing regardless of whether it was handsome or not."

"You are welcome. It will be 20 gold coins."

"That !?"

Isn't it the income of a general merchant for a month?

Hmmm, but I can't afford to step down now that I had already got my hair cut .. I should have asked about it before it began. It was my fault..

"Hey, you don't really try to pay. Joke, joke."

"Is that so……?"

"It's natural. I didn't think that you'd really take such a joke seriously... I wonder if Haru has a pretty serious personality?"

Alice cleans the hair that has fallen on her shoulders.

After that, I stood up and picked up my wand. Watching me leave she couldn’t help but ask.

"What's wrong? It's already night, are you going to go somewhere?"

"I have a little promise to keep"

"... Is it better to be alone?"

"That's right. I think I have to be alone."

"I'm not sure. Haru..."

Alice kindly calls out to me as I try to go out with my determination.

"You must know. Haru is Haru"

"I am ... me?"

"Occasionally, you have had pretty lifeless eyes that seemed to belong to someone else. I wish I had 
just misunderstood and am overthinking... But if Haru has something going, then its no goodl! Remember, Haru belongs to Haru himself, not to anyone else. "

"... Yeah, I understand. Thank you."

"Yeah ... then see you soon."

"See you"

Such words come out naturally … as if we had been friends for long.

Saying my goodbyes,I headed to the South Gate where Leticia was waiting.