---
layout: default
title: "Banished Sage"
description: "12"
subtitle: "Leticia's Perspective Part 2"
date: 2021-09-10 02:46:52 +0530
categories: the-banished-sage-who-escaped-his-childhood-friend
permalink: "bswehcf-c12"
---


"... He's late"

It was early in the morning.

I'm waiting on the plains just outside the south gate, but Haru has no signs of showing up at all.

"Hmph, he is really courageous to keep his master waiting. That bad dog still needs to be retrained properly. I have to give him a mindful today."

I told Haru that I wanted to join his party, but the truth was that I really missed him ...

But that's just a temporary suffering that I have to face.

Eventually, Haru will come back to me.

Because that's what is supposed to happen.

That's what is written in our fate.

"Well, I won't forgive him easily though. To have let me suffer just because you wanted to fool around? I'll give you plenty of mindfuls to put you back on track."

But to realize that I have to win today's duel.

Last time I fell unconscious but ...

Yeah, that's probably something wrong. Something might have been mixed in my food.

This time I was extra careful.

Because something like that couldn't be happening right?

As a hero, it is impossible for me to lose to that failure of a wizard Haru.

Haru is just a level 7 small fry wizard.

On the other hand, I am the chosem hero of level 55.

Not to mention the experience I have built up over the years. Something that Haru could never match up to.

...... It should be an easy victory for me, now that I am on my prime.

Last time, I lost, probably because Haru played some tricks.

"... Well, I know. Who am I fooling here but myself?"

Haru isn't really a level 7 small fry wizard.

I had checked it a really long time ago, so it may have changed now ...

He must have a really high level.

Might be even above me.

"No."

That is not acceptable.

Unacceptable.

It is something that my pride wouldn't allow to even think it twice ...

But that's a trivial matter. Whether Haru is strong or not has nothing to do with it. As long as I win the duel everthing should be fine.

But it would really problematic if the world were to know that Haru has tremendous power.

If that happens, more people will try to rely on Haru.

Haru is a really stupid person. He would just try to do his best for everyone.

If that happens ...

"……that?"

What will happen if he does so...?

"Um ... Ugh"

I can't think. Both my head and heart hurts. Is it food poisoning again?

When I try to think deeply about Haru, my head hurts.

I have to stop thinking.

and……

"Haru is ... mine"

Only my desire to possess him is what remained behind.

"Anyway ..."

Haru's guy is really slow, isn't he?

It's not any more early in the morning morning, it's quite late now.

"Hmph, considering him its understandable. After all,  Haru is a mess. He can't even keep his promise properly and is already late. He's really useless to the point of laughable. After all, he can't really do anything without me. Haru's independence is as much as a bird living on the ground despite being out of the cage never being able to fly. It ’s simply impossible. ”

After all, he is useless without me.

I have to control and train him properly when he gets back to me.

"... But isn't it too late?"

――――――――――

"How long will you keep me waiting !!!?"

The morning is already over ...

The day has passed ...

The sun had sunked below the horizon ...

And now it's night.

In the pitch black darkness, I was alone in the plain.

Naturally, there is no sign of Haru ever appearing.

"Haru..., no way ..."

Is he lost?

It's somewhat possible ...

He's a really fragile guy that needs to be taken care of just like children.

It's possible that he got lost on his way to come here and went to a completely different place instead.

The meeting place is just was to pass through the south gate and then to walk straight ...

I wonder if Haru's head is like a lizard that he can't even understand that much?

No, it's rude to the lizards to compare him with them.

I'm sure he's more like a gecko. [TL: I don't really know what this gecko thing is. Biology wasn't my strong suit. Here is the original in case you mught know : きっと、ヤモリ並ね。]

"Even so ... this is so bad. Stupid Haru!"

It was getting chilly at night. I wrapped my arms around myself as I still waited in case he might really find his way here.

AChhoooo!

I couldn't help but sneeze as the cold got the better of me.

"What should I do ...? If I wait like this, I'll catch a cold. But this time I have to win the duel and bring Haru back to me ... If he thinks that I have become afraid of fighting and have left when he come to find me.. that would be certainly not good. I would cause a bug misunderstanding. I don't like it ..."

As I wondered what to do I was locked in a dead lock and couldn't move on to the next course of action.

Should I try to ask my party mates ...

"... By the way, who were they anyway?"

They were some adventurers of high rank of level 40 or higher, but I don't really remember much other than that. And I am not really  particularly interested either.

I don't even remember their name.

"Well, that's okay. It's Haru I want. It's really getting late though ... Maybe he is flirting with that woman, right?"

Haru is totally empty from the head, so if someone says something sweet to him, he's likely to be be swept away.

And he is at the inn with that woman ... Ugh!

"Ahhhhh, I'm just making up a lot of crap !!! That's can't be happening. Haru is mine. That is fate."

I swept my sword in the air as it hit and I wiped out the slime that came near me with a single blow.

Huh.

That was a little refreshing.

"Ah……"

It was then that I realized that... there were water droplets on my cheeks.

I looked up at the night sky, it had began to rain.

The downpour was getting heavier and heavier ...

"... Ah, it's cold ...but... I want Haru"

I was drenched by the rain and my clothes got soaked as I waited and waited...

――――――――――

"Achooo, Kehokeho ...!"

A sneeze.

Memories flashed across my eyes. What happened?

I was drenched in the rain and immediately caught on a cold. My body being too hot to move I fell asleep or rather unconscious on the plans itself under the rain ...

It was only then that I realize that I had made a promise.

"Cough ... Haru ...! Cough, Cough !!!"

While coughing, I vaguely think of Haru.

Huar is mine. That is my firm belief.

But what were Haru's opinion ...?

The relationship between that I and Haru share is ...

"Uh ... Shit"

I pulled my drenched hair.

The phrase that catching a cold weakens one heart is indeed true. I learned it today the hard way.

"Haru ... we're childhood friends ... so I ... I want to be with Haru ... whatever I do ... no matter how much you dislike me ... It's just you I want. Then ... "

Such sweet words spilled out of my mouth as I muttered them unknowingly. Indeed, that was what I wanted.

But those words of confession melted into the air and disappeared without being heard by anyone.





