---
layout: default
title: "Banished Sage"
description: "7"
subtitle: "Alice's Perspective Part 1"
date: 2021-09-04 02:46:52 +0530
categories: the-banished-sage-who-escaped-his-childhood-friend
permalink: "bswehcf-c7"
---


A fight was about to break between me and Leticia ...

To be honest, I am not really sure if I can win this.

My opponent is a level 55 hero.

Not only that, but she has the experience of having survived fierce battles many times coming out alive of such life and death struggles.

On the other hand, I turned out to be Sage at level 82 ...

However, all I knew was only beginner tier magic. Even intermediate tier magic was something that I could never learn because of her.

The high level of 82 was but for show. My actual combat prowess was actually questionable with those weak spells and lack of experience in battle.

Not to mention that my heart starts throbbing in fear every time she glares at me.

If I work it out straight, it will be difficult for me to win.

But if my first shot connects.

It might turn out to be a one hit KO like in the case of the King Wolf.

That's it!

"Fire!"

I Casted beginner fire magic.

A flame that reached a diameter of 5 meters was born, and it raged like a dragon burning in night sky..

It attacked Leticia and spread a heavy flame around her.

"Huh ...!?"

Leticia jumped to the side, screaming in agony.

She leaped at me with full power without thinking ahead. She dashed at me with full force charging head on with my casted fire..

Meanwhile, Fire landed where Leticia was.

A pillar of fire rose in the sky making it enough to melt the hardest stone. Leticia somehow dodged it by a hair breadth.

As Leticia realized the situation she was in, her face constricted into a frown ...

"Hey, Haru !!!! Are you trying to kill me !!!!? If that hit me right now, I wouldn't have any bones left !? Stop fooling around! "

"Oh no ... sorry?"

It was Leticia who first said that she would cut off my limbs ...

So… Why am I receiving a terribly unreasonable rebuke right now?

"You are completely wrong in the head! I'll  have to beat it up some sense into it !!!"

Leticia clenched her sword and ran forward.

“fast! ??”

her movement was like that of the wind.

In a blink of an eye, Leticia sneaked close to me making me fall under her reach..

"Triple slash!"

Super high speed triple attack.

This is an advanced sword technique that only those with a level of 50 or above can master.

For her to suddenly deliver such a thing ...

Apparently, Leticia is serious. Yet she would rebuke me about being unreasonable.

Isn't her sword just sharp and murderous enough? I was wondering if there was a possibility for me to defend against it, but a moment of negligence could actually leave me crippled.

"Shield!"

"Huh !?"

I cast defensive magic and formed a shield of light with magical power.

The shield of light woven with magical power firmly accepted Leticia's advanced sword technique.

I won't let you go through a single blow.

Seeing such a move, Leticia couldn’t help but be stunned.

"Hey, what's that !?"

"What ... Leticia doesn’t know? It's a beginner's defense magic."

"Is there any kind of beginner defense magic that completely prevents advanced sword skills?"

"Even if you say that ..."

"Ku, you stupid. I am aware of your measly amount of magical power ...! No way, It could have defended against advanced sword technique. I was holding back knowing that you would have died if the attack connected. Hmm, but even so you were able to do something hard even though you are a small fry. I have to admit, but it's impossible, impossible, and completely impossible for a small fry like Haru to beat me. So, If you are going to grovel down and cry and apologize to me for your foolishness, I might forgive you ... "

"Fire!"

"Pyaaaaaaaaaa !!!?"

The flame of cast swirls ...

Leticia screamed and evaded again with all her might.

"Sorry"

"It's regrettable that you have gone insane, isn't it !!!!? Don’t you realize even thought I said  it many times. Are you trying to go againstl me !!!?"

"It was you who was said something like cutting off my limbs and making a fuss about it."

"It’s different when it's me!"

Leticia was proud enough to claim that.

It was simply too unreasonable to go along.

She is going to say something along the lines of I belong to Letica and what’s her is hers to play with...

"Come on, sword dance!"

Suddenly, Leticia performed a swirling sword dance.

A super-fast slash was approaching towards me threatening my life.

"Shield!"

"Kii Ii Ii! Why shouldn't it work !? It's strange !? I've never heard of one to prevent advanced sword skills with beginner defense magic !?"

"Even if you say that ..."

"Haru is really ... being unreasonable because he had got some kind of weird form of magic and disguising it ...  I would no longer be holding back!!!"

"!?"

My back quivered.

Leticia eases her expression ...

And wears a cold and freezing murderous face instead. Maybe till now all she wanted to choff of my limbs. But now? I truly felt dead from her. She was coming to kill..

Until now, she wasn't really serious, she was watching how the situation unfold to make her judgements...

"Haru ... I will apologize first. I'm sorry if you die."

"... Leticia ..."

"But your selfish behavior is absolutely unacceptable ... Even if I have to kill you, I'll never stop there! I'll seriously take control of Haru !!"

Leticia held her sword.

The terrifying fighting spirit is converging.

Leticia may have decided what she had to do. There was no turning back for her

Then ... I'll decide what I have to do as well.

"Then, I'll do my best too."

"……Huh?"

"I didn't know what would happen, so I wanted to preserve my magical power, but I don't think I should do that if I want to preserve my bright future."

"Eh ... no ... eh? Hey ... well, wait, Haru! You weren't doing your best with the fire or shield that I just saw !?"

"I've never done my best because I was banned from training by Leticia. I'm worried if it will work, but ... I have to do it!"

"Cho, really ... !!!?"

"Fire !!!"

With all the magical power, he chanted the beginner fire magic.

At the moment, the world was dyed white as if everything else had turned pale in comparison to its glory. The glorious flames illuminated it all/

A violent roar.

Intense heat wave.

And a big flame.

They became one and exploded.

"Pigya ah ah ah !!!!?"

A heavy flame wrapped Leticia.

Heat and shock endlessly burs at her, the result of it will undermine the status of Leticia.

The flame burned her soul.

The explosion burst onto her body.

The heat wave burned her heart.

"disperse……"

The raging flames are gone ...

Tattered Leticia was left behind.

Maybe ... it was my victory. Was victory already ceased?

That was enough ...? Will it work out now?

"Um ... was that enough for you?"

"Still ... I ... Haru will leave my side … I can’t let that happen... I will never allow ... I will not allow it ... !!!"

"Leticia, you ..."

Where does that obsession come from?

If possible, I would like to talk to you once heart to heart ...

But I guess there is no room for that anymore.

"Leticia said I had to be managed by you, right?"

"Yes, that's right ... Haru is no good ... because he's a small fry ...!"

"But I beat you in the battle."

"..."

"Can we still say the same thing after seeing this result?"

"that is……"

"I'm ... not Leticia's. I'm ... I belong to myself!"

"..."

There was no reply from her side.

Leticia seems to have no words and was just lost in a daze.

"... Well, from today we're not childhood friends or party mates anymore, we're just strangers."

Finally, saying such words … I was prepared to part forever.

I turned my back on Leticia and returned to the city.

This time as I left, she made no screams. She didn’t try to call me back.