---
layout: default
title: "Banished Sage"
description: "15"
subtitle: "Fortified City of Arland"
date: 2021-10-15 02:46:52 +0530
categories: the-banished-sage-who-escaped-his-childhood-friend
permalink: "bswehcf-c15"
---

The fortified City of Arland.

To prevent monsters and other dangers of the world, there are some cities that surround the entire city with huge walls.

The city of Arland was the same. It's defence carried the will of iron.

Although it was exposed to war several times in its history, it had never fallen. 

Therefore, the city beared such a name....

The fortified city of Arland ... 

―――――――――― 

Three days later.

Upon arriving in Arland, Alice and I, guided by Anju and Nine, went straight for the lord's mansion.

I was thankful to her for inviting me and  soon I was guided to the guest room decorated with gorgeous furnishings and elegant flowers. 

It was a bit too much for me... 

"Haru, are you nervous?"

"I've never been in a place like this before..."

"Is that so? That's unusual. If you were traveling with Leticia, I think there should have been many opportunities like this." 

That may be true, but ... 

["Haru, you're waiting outside. Be quiet like this, and await for my return. Eh? You want to come along with us? That's impossible. If they allow a small fry like Haru in the mansion, that house's sensibilities and qualities would be suspected by their people. It might ruin their reputation."] 

I was always told that, and I had no option but to wait outside in the chilling cold. I hadn't put much thought to it because I never deserved being invited to such a mansion but...

Anyway, it couldn't be helped, could it?

Therefore, it is the first time for me to enter such a luxurious mansion. 

"... I don't know why, but I think tears are about to come out of my eyes."

"I don't know why? Why must it be? Is it because of pollen?"

"It's all this mansions's fault!" 

I got angry for some reason. Even I was not aware of my situation.

Why……?  Why does it have to be this way?

"Thank you for waiting" 

The door to the room opened, as Anju, who had changed into plain clothes, walked in.

Behind her was Nine.

She was in the the same old maid outfit. 

"Although I have a lot of things to say, but first I must apologize to the two of you. Even you are our benefactors we had made you wait for so long..."

"Now, don't worry. If you're the daughter of a lord, you'll have a lot to do, especially if you're a saint." Alice replied with a shrug.

She still had the bright cheerful smile that could put the one's around her at ease.

"Its indeed considerate of you to say that. Well, then ..." 

Anju sat on the sofa just opposite to us facing me ...

I couldn't help but squirm a little in my embarrasment to be invited to such a luxurious place even though the sofa is more than comforrtable. 

"That ... these are my casual clothes, how do I look in it?"

Noticing me squirming in discomfort she asked.

"Huh?" 

It was unusual.

Why are we suddenly talking about clothes? 

"That..." 

Alice sitting next to me punched me with her elbow.

Ah that's right. I was too confused and I forgot to reply. 

"Um ... yeah, I think it looks good on you. It's cute."

"That's right !? Ehe ..." 

Anju looked very happy after being complemented. Well, I certainly couldn't have said anything bad anyway irrespective of what one wears. 

No one can be uglier than I am.

"Lady. you should maintain your composure ..."

"Huh !? That's right. When I was in front of Mr. Haru, my mouth opened without any control of mine ... He he, I think that's funny isn't it?"

"... The young lady who is confused by her undiscovered feelings is indeed very cute." 

I heard Nine whispering something to Anju. 

I turned to Alice. But she seemed to be clueless about it. Was I the only one who heard?

And, what does Nine-san mean? 

"So allow me to introduce myself once again ... Thank you very much for saving us from such a dangerous plight. I am deeply grateful to you for saving my life and helping my servant recover from death."

I shook my head.

"Oh no no"

That wasn't what had happened. She is mistaken.

"There is no price to be exchanged for life, but ... I hope you will accept this as a greeting at least." 

Anju put forth a leather bag on the table.

*chunk*

There was a jarring sound as soon as it hit the table. 

I couldn't help but check it now, the contents inside were gold coins.

This ... so much?

Maybe it's about a year's worth of an average adventurer's earnings ...? 

"And I'm preparing for a feast today, albeit a little. If you would allow, please stay at our house tonight." 

"Ah..."

I was shown gold coins... and then I was asked of an disadvantageous request all of a sudden.

Is this what it feels like to be auctioned?

If things really have gone this far, it really makes me sad somewhat. 

"... Haru, don't try to turn it down, okay?" 

Alice pierced my airs in a whisper. 

"... Remember that Anju is the daughter of the lord. If you refuse to do this, you'll end up crushing her reputation. The correct thing to do here is to accept it."

"... I see. You saved me there, I was about to decline since I felt unconfortable here."

"... that's totally like Haru." 

Alice smiled bitterly.

Well, I don't know much of common sense. Even the pack of gold coins in front of me... I wasn't sure if it is something that I should accept. Is money really that important?

I moved my gaze from Alice to Anju. 

"Thank you. If that's the case, please take care of us."

"Yes, I'm glad to here that."

"Lady, Haru, Alice. Let's have a cup of tea." 

As our discussion was over, Nine brewed some tea for him.

How could she prepare it so fast?

It seems that it was not only in battle but she was also versatile in housework. 

"I got some delicious sweets prepared... Would you like to chat with me until the feast is prepared?" she spoke with her cheeks a bit flushed. "Oh, Nine please be with me."

"Yes, I'm sorry ..." Nine came rushing in leaving behind her work.

I could only wonder what they were whispering this time around. Probably something about sweets.

And true to that Nine prepared them.

Then we all we did was enjoyed the tea and those sweets.

We introced ourselves to each other.

Apart from that, we talk about hobbies, favorite foods, etc. 

Even though the party wasn't over yet, the dsicussion was a lively one and we had a really good time, something which might have seemed like a dream before. 

―――――――――― 

[Alice's POV]

"Fu ..." 

When I returned to the room prepared for me, I sat on a chair and just took a moment of relaxation.

The feast continued until a while ago ...

Somehow, we were more welcomed here than I had expected.

The food and sake were pretty good, and I just ate too much and drank too much.

Thanks to that, I'm now too full. 

"It's no wonder this was kind of welcome one gets for helping the lord's daughter ... hmm?" 

Even so, it felts a little exaggerated... a bit too extreme.

What were they aiming to do?

Are they trying to make a good impression on us, or were you trying to win our favor? 

The idea of ​​having a feast with them was Anju's, but it seemed that the various people from the Autumn family were also involved in it ...

As a result, I ended up settling down to my current shape. 

"I wish that there is nothing unusual going on and I am just over thinking ..."

*Knock* *Knock*

"... yes?" 

I heard a knock on the door and stood up.

But when I opened the door, all I found was Anju. 

"I'm sorry for disturbing you late at night. Had you fell sleep ...?"

I shook my head.

"Yeah, it's okay. I was resting for a while because I ate too much and drank too much. What's bring you here? Everything's fine?"

"That ... I have something to ask, is it okay now?"

"Um ... yeah. Please." 

I invited Anju to the room and made her sit on the chair making her comfortable as we faced each other. 

I was not at all sure what she wanted with me.

"So what happened?"

"Yes. Well, I want to know something about Haru-san."

"Haru?"

This is weird. What does she want to know about Haru?

BUt my question was answered even before I could ask.

"What do I mean, I am not sure... I want to know about Haru-san ... I don't really understand why I think that way ... Anyway, I want to know!"

"Ah……" 

Anju, who talked vigorously and all gibberish seemed not wanting to back down. 

Her cheeks had flushed with a slight tint of red, as she showed a strong passion for Haru?

Is it possible that she fell in love with him, after they went together through a dangerous situation? Is that the case? hmm.

If that's the case then I somewhat understand her feelings.

For, I bore the same feelings. 

"But what kind of thing should I talk about?"

"Um ... I want to hear about Haru-san's childhood!"

Childhood? That's a bit troubling.

"Well, when I was little ..."

I muttered under my breath unheard by her.

"Ah ... Speaking of which, Alice just recently made a party with Haru, didn't she? Then that would be difficult for you to know..." 

it was true. In the chat on the tea table, we had explained our circumstances to her. She knew about my relationship with Haru as of now, but... 

"Hmm ... well I would be the one to face a loss if I tell you about it. But I can understand Anju's feelings as being in a similar situation as a girl and also being in a similar position as mine ... well, is that okay?"

Anju's eyes brightened up. She didn't understood much. But it seemed like Alice had some information of her interest.

"So, do you know?"

"Keep it a secret from Haru, okay? I ..."

"Well, I'm actually Haru's childhood friend." 





