---
layout: default
title: "Banished Sage"
description: "21"
subtitle: "I am innocent!"
date: 2021-10-31 02:46:52 +0530
categories: the-banished-sage-who-escaped-his-childhood-friend
permalink: "bswehcf-c21"
---

"Haru? What are you thinking making a young girl like that your slave ...?" she asked as her face seemed to turn pale.

It was the first time that something Leticia said actually made some sense! I had the same question. 

Just what was this dragon thinking?

"Leticia !? Why are you here ...!?" 

I knew that she might be catching up to us, but this was simply too early! 

Also, it's even wierder for her to find us at such a timing! ??

Sana is a dragon, but right now she looks like a little girl.

What would happen if word of this were to get out?

People would think that I am turning little girls into my slaves ...

Ugh, I wouldn't even be able to show my face anywhere if that were to happen. 

"That's my line! Haru! You tricked me into a duel for this? For fooling a small child and bringing her to a place like this? What were you planning to do with her ...!"

"No No ... No!"

Leticia shook her head in disappointment.

"Fufufu, that kind of guts... I will have to hit you hard to fix it! You lolicon!"

"Ugh ..." 

What should I do.

The usual swearing of Leticia now sounds like a ridiculous theory that might actually be believed.

Being her hero her words would have weight won't it?

If she were to spread it around everywhere it would pummel my reputation to dust. 

Was it so natural to misunderstand?

She was unaware of the match between me and Sana, so she had misunderstood me as a ridiculous brute. 

"Um ... you are misunderstanding, Leticia. I'm not even thinking about doing anything to her."

"Hey ... where is the room for misunderstanding in that kind of situation? No way... to have forced it to the point where the little child voluntarily accepted it?"

Leticia turned to Sana in a panic demanding for answers. 

But that was the worst thing that could happen.

For Sana wasn't sensible enough to understand the situation.

"Yes, that's the gist of it"

"Don't be ridiculous! You can't tell such a fat lie!" I cried in a desperate attempt to protect my dignity.

"No, it's true! I want to be master's disciple, so I'll do anything ..."

Sana claimed with flushed cheeks as her voice gradually disappeared.

Wait! Why are you acting all embarrased like that!

But it seemed that Leticia had caught onto something else.

"Huh? Haru's disciple? ..." Leticia muttered.

Oh No...

The situation was getting out of my control...

Leticia looked at the little child with a look of disdain ...

"Say ... isn't that child a dragon !?"

My eyes widened. I just couldn't help it now.

"So you do understand ...?"

"It has horns and also a tail. You know what she is once you look properly." 

Sana's transformation was a little halfway.

It seemsed that the dragons in the world were to supposed to have perfect transformation ability ...

But, Sana may be still immature. 

Leticia was knowledgable when it came to these kind of things. 

But she was the same Leticia as usual. Rotten and cussing at me whenever she got a chance.

Seeing her, Sana tilted her neck mysteriously. 

"Why is there a hero in such a place? It's suspicious."

Come to think of it, Sana doesn't know anything, does she?

"Ah ... I'm being chased by her... or so was what I had heard somewhere."

"It's just a coincidence!" she cried. 

It was a hunch on my part, but I was more than convinced of it.

Leticia's claims weren't as convincing though.

"Chasing after master? ... Oh, I understand! The hero is also a fan of my master, isn't she !?"

"Huh !?"

"You've become a stalker because you like my master too much. But you're too stubborn when you're told not to follow him... You can't do that. You have to think about the inconvenience of the other people too." 

Why is stupid Sana saying something like that? 

I mean, this is bad! Like really bad...

She might be a child and her cheekiness must have lead her to such a conclusion but...

If you say that to Leticia, what kind of reaction will she make ... 

I turned towards Leticia in a hurry. I have to stop her or else Sana might be in danger.

But I found her too flustered to move. 

"It's not like I like Haru or anything !? Hah, huh !? You're surely joking with me saying something like that! Impossible! impossible ... haha ​​!?" 

I was struck in a daze.

'No way'

It was the first time, that I had seen Leticia in such a state. Her usual domineering self was nowhere to be found. 

"... Hey, Nine. Is that what is called a Tsundere?"

"... No, young lady. As far as I can judge from the behavior, Yandere is probably more suited to her."

"... I see, it was a good learning experience." 

Anju and Nine had such a conversation. They had the luxury to do that...

I'd like them to help me if they can, but I guess is it too difficult? 

"Well, I don't care about the details. I'm Sana. Let's get along with each other as friends who like master."

"Not at all, I don't care about Haru!"

"Again, you can't tell such a lie. If I look at your behaviour, I can easily understand it. Don't take the dragon's eyes for nothing." 

Surprisingly, Sana was taking the lead in conversation. Leticia was way too flustered to give proper replies.

I thought that, the stupid child may not be able to keep up with Leticia's domineering attitude. But I was wrong. 

It was then that I realized how much rude I was being by thinking of her as stupid. But I guess it couldn't be helped.. 

"More than that, to accompany the saint in her pilgrimage ... I wonder if you are trying to act like a hero now !? I can't forgive it!"

"Are you going to stop me?"

I couldn't help but raise my brows. Is she paranoid because I am doing what she should have done?

"Haru is bad, because he's been fooling around over and over again." 

I don't even understand what she even wants now...

"Oh, hurry, Haru! If we enter the room in the back first, Leticia won't be able to get in our way!"

"Huh? Alice……?" 

For some reason, Alice says that as if she was impatient. I don't understand her either.

We had already completed the pilgrimage, didn't we? 

"Ha Ha ... that's good! If I occupy the room, Haru wouldn't be able to fulfill his request and would fail. You should regret that you didn't make it in already, and you should reflect on it a little! "

"Oh, hey !? Leticia!" I cried but no pleas reached her.

Leticia pushed us away and disappeared alone into the cave.

But the pilgrimage is over ... 

I turned to Alice.

Alice waved at her with a cheerful smile. 

"Okay. Hopefully Leticia will be trapped in that room. But since she is a hero she should be fine. She will be able to break through because she's a hero, but even that would take some time. Let's get back to Arland for now."

Ah...

"... Alice is so smart."

"Aren't I?" 

It was me who smiled now. Alice just seemed to be too good when it came to Leticia. 





