---
layout: default
title: "Banished Sage"
description: "2"
subtitle: "New Life"
date: 2021-09-04 02:46:52 +0530
categories: the-banished-sage-who-escaped-his-childhood-friend
permalink: "bswehcf-c2"
---

As soon as I returned to the city, I went to the Adventurer's Guild all alone. The whole path was traversed through feet and I had never looked back.

I had to report that I had left Leticia’s party or to be more specific the hero’s party.

The guild of course encourages adventurers to form a  party and fight in groups.

The reward in such scenarios might be reduced, but the risk too can be reduced by forming a party.

The guild thus provided several perks, such as the provision of items such as potions, so that more adventurers are motivated to work in groups.

But in order not to abuse such a system, one must report to the guild that he has left the party as soon as possible..

"Eh !? Traiter-san, did you leave the brave party !?"

When I informed the receptionist, she was terribly surprised.  It's a convincing reaction.

It's been the same party for over 5 years. Not many would get the chance of joining the heroes party. Of couse someone like me could only be considered lucky to have been at one. But that was the public view. Only I knew how bad an experience it was.

"I mean, I was banished by them."

"Expulsion ...?"

I raised my shoulders.

"I made a lot of mistakes ... well, like that."

"Yes ... yes, I see. I've certainly received the party withdrawal report."

The receptionist probably guessed that she shouldn't ask deeply.

The procedure went smoothly anyway.

With the end of the procedure all of my ties with Letica were completely cut off.

I'm just another person from today.

When I thought about it, I felt nothing but happy. It was indeed a well sought out release for anyone experiencing the same pain as I..

All I wanted to do now was to start from scratch and start my own adventure. But the path to that was much thornier than I had thought.

"And I want to make a request, but is there anything.. Any mission that even one person can do? Subjugation, collection, escort ... any kind is fine."

"Well, um ... I'm sorry. There aren't any requests for solos right now ... If you're attending a party, you can choose as much as you want."

"Well, then, can't it be helped?"

There was also a way for me to request to be accepted in a different party, but ...

Such a thing would put me in the same vicious cycle all over again. This time it was Letica, the next time it would be someone else. The power harassment would never cease no matter which party I joined..

It was often told that it couldn't be useful for Leticia. She cussed me time and time again for that. But now that I look back at it, it might be true. I am among the weak after all.

I'm a fallen wizard who can't really do much.

"If so, why don't you team up with me?"

"Huh?"

I turned back to find a red-haired girl.

She seemed to be about 18 years old.

She had long fiery red hair which reached to her waist.

She had long and slender limbs. Her body too was slender yet she had clear and prominent curves.

In addition, her face was so beautiful that anyone would just fall in love with it.

Her appearance might be in complete contrast from Leticia, but even so she was a perfect girl.

"I'm Alice Sprite. Feel free to call me Alice. Nice to meet you."

"Um ... nice to meet you. I'm a Haru Traitor."

I shook hands for the time being.

Then move to the discourse space and listen to more details.

Since the guild is also a place for adventurers to meet, such a discourse space is prepared.

"Isn't it correct to say that you are also looking for a party?"

"Yes, that's right. I'm not having a party right now. That's why I'm in trouble because I can't accept the request ... So, if Haru is okay, why don't you join with me?"

"That’s really sweet of you. Though I would probably be holding you back. That’s why this doesn’t sound like a good idea ... I'm weak."

Yeah ... I'm weak.

Leticia has often told me that it's a coarse fish and can't be used, but that's not a misguided point.

In that respect, Leticia is strong.

She is also able to subdue a dragon alone.

"Is that so? But I overheard a glimpse, you were having a party with the hero, right?"

"Ah ... that's right, but there are a lot of things ... it's kind of like she was kind enough to let me join the party as a chore boy."

I was beyond tired to make people believe in the true nature of Letica, so much so I had given up trying. No one would believe me in regards to her malicious nature. It was thus better to go with the floor and avoid such a topic.

"So, when it comes to being used as a force ... I'm sorry to say it myself, but I wouldn’t be of any help."

It was better to accept my weaknesses upfront and avoid partying rather than being harassed using strength later.

"Hmm"

"Oh, Alice ...?"

Alice came to my face with a suspicious expression.

She glared into my eyes as if trying to find for falsehood..

"It doesn't look like you are weak, doesn't it? ... Rather, you feel stronger than I am, or rather its your aura that is much denser.”

"I don't think it is ... what is Alice's level?" tilting my head I asked.

"22"

"I'm 7. You see, I'm weak, right?"

I showed her the level marked on my adventurer card. I was aware that she was being considerate of my feelings but it was better to not lie about something like this, especially considering that such a lie could lead to one’s death due to a moment’s or carelessness.

The level represents the strength of the person.

The higher the number, the stronger the power and the more experience you have gained.

"that?"

"What's wrong?"

"Isn't that adventurer card old?"

Adventurer cards are magic cards issued by the guild.

It's like an ID card, showing the owner's level and occupation.

My adventurer card has never been updated since I started my journey with Leticia.

"I didn't update at all ..."

"For how long?"

"Maybe it is over 5 years?"

"Nani why? Why didn't you update it for so long? It costs a little money to update, but updating the adventurer card is rather essential. Above all, to grasp your power Is also suitable. "

"Is that so ... but in my case, I couldn't update it for some reason."

Because Leticia didn't allow it. Putting her harassment aside, it went without saying that being the chore boy of the group I had no choice but to follow the instructions of the leader.

[Huh? Update the adventurer card? You don't need that. When a level 7 filth grows up, nothing happens. The filth remains a small fry forever. So you don't need to update the adventurer card at all Haru. It's just a waste of money no more, hahahahaha! ]

She had said that and didn't give me the money to renew the card.

The party’s funds was completely controlled by Leticia, so there was nothing I could have done about it.

"Well I will like to update it when I have time? Right now, I'll give priority to talking to Alice, I am not in a hurry."

It was true that I was embarrassed to update it in front of so many eyes. What if the results were far worse than anybody could have expected? That would certainly be a huge problem and embarrassment.

"Well, then I'll let you go this time, but ... why don't you try to organize a party with me?"

"So you want to stick to me?"

Alice held poked her cheeks.

"Hmm ... What do you think? I feel like I can get along well with Haru. I wonder if you are compatible regardless of whether you are strong or weak. That's the most important thing, isn't it?"

"Oh yeah, it's really important."

I nodded.

It was Leticia that had made me realize how important compatibility was. She had made me realize that no matter how much I tried, me and her certainly couldn’t get along. We were destined to drift apart.

"Why don't you ask for a request once? A mission which seems easy to do with two people. So, if it seems to work, that's fine. If it doesn't work, that's also fine. How about it?"

Alice clasped her hands.

"That's right ... OK, do you want to try it?"

So that’s how both of us decided to form a party for a mission as a trial.

――――――――――

The request I made was to subdue the monsters that appeared outside the city.

The target is a dog-shaped monster called Hound Wolf.

The recommended subjugation level is 5, so it's not a big enemy. Even I who was level 7 could probably deal with it.

It will be a good exercise to check compatibility with Alice.

"Huh!"

Alice smashes the Hound Wolf with a sharp sword. The swashbuckler, which has more power than it looks, cuts off the monster's body.

However, there is more than one enemy.

The remaining two.

Immediately after launching an attack, one of them approaches Alice who cannot move. Bare fangs and jump while groaning ...

"Alice!"

Using a sword one size smaller than Alice's sword I defended Alice as a shield, the short sword was able to stop the Hound Wolf's assault.

"Nice, Haru!"

I was able to gain time to reposition Alice.

Alice gives a pleasant smile to us ...

Then stare at the enemy.

"Sword dance!"

Alice's sword technique has been activated.

Showing a dancing movement, she chopped off the body of the Hound Wolf.

"Guru!"

The last one that was cornered rushed in with a rash.

"Eat this beast!"

I threw a throwing knife and stopped the Hound Wolf from moving.

"Double slash!"

Alice's sword flashes twice and kills the last one.

I was tasked to keep an eye on the surroundings ...

After confirming that there are no more enemies, she put the sword back in the scabbard.

All the while she showed me a very bright smile.

"You are amazing!"

"Huh?"

What are you talking about?

"I'm not doing much, right? I'm just devoting myself to support."

"That's not the case. I think it's great enough to be able to use a sword even though you are a wizard. Above all, you defend me when I most need it, and even when I think it's dangerous, you support me. Aren’t youl ... I mean, a master of support? I don't think there are many people who can move like haru "

"Well ... I'm used to it."

When I was at Leticia's party ... I've always been supportive. Leticia never put me in front lines. The vanguard was always her one man show.

At first I thought that she was worried about me and wanted to keep me safe, but she wasn't.

Leticia didn't want to give me any credit.

She wanted to have all the credit to herself.

One cannot help but be amazed at Leticia's bottomless desires.

When did she get distorted like that … the answer to that Haru had never found.

"Hull? What's wrong?"

"No ... nothing. Are you injured?"

"Oh, this? Just lightly ... it's not a big injury."

"It's hard to get suppurated. I'll treat you right away."

"But I can't use potions like this ..."

"It's okay, I'll use magic."

"Huh?"

For some reason, while Alice stood completely astonished, I cast recovery magic on her not bothering for her reasons..

"Heal"

A faint light wrapped around Alice's wound and heals the wound as if it were playing in reverse.

Shortly after, the wound disappeared completely.

"Now it’s all well and good."

"..."

"What's wrong, Alice?"

“You…”

"What's wrong with this ... but what do you mean ‘you’?"

"What is it? Why are you so surprised?"

"You should be surprised too! Why can the wizard Haru use healing magic? Healing magic should only be used for priests and other limited professions! Wizards can only use attack magic. It's something that is common knowledge! "

"Is that so?"

"That's right! Why don't you know such common sense?"

"Why I don't know .. well."

Definitely because of Leticia.

I was denied by Leticia to have the general knowledge of an adventurer.

[“It doesn't make value for a small fry like you to know anything, it's just a waste of time ..”].

That’s what she had forced upon me.

I couldn't argue because I was deprived of the opportunity to learn, so I just kept going.

I don't know anything, but ...

I didn't know that the wizard couldn't use recovery magic because of Leticia.

"There are many things I don't really understand about Haru. You were at a brave party, right? How did you spend your time?"

"that is……"

Can you believe me even if I tell you the truth?

No one has believed me till now. What was the point of confessing at this point?

It was then that I was at a loss for a reply.

"Gurururu ... !!!"

Another giant hound wolf appeared, quivering in anger.