---
layout: default
title: "Banished Sage"
description: "3"
subtitle: "Experiencing Freedom"
date: 2021-09-04 02:46:52 +0530
categories: the-banished-sage-who-escaped-his-childhood-friend
permalink: "bswehcf-c3"
---

“Grrr…”

The hound wolf this time around was much larger than the previous versions.

Two times ... No, maybe three times the size?

Anyway, it was huge.

Not only the physique, but also the claws and fangs were actually more than thrice the size..

"This must be a lie ... what is a King Wolf doing in such a place ..."

For some reason, Alice had a pale face. But I couldn’t even make out the reason behind her fears. Is it some kind of trauma that she faces just like me? Certainly I shrivel up at the thought of the hero. Maybe the same it true for her when it comes to the hound wolf?

There was nothing to fear after all.

It's just that Hound Wolf's parents have appeared.

"Haru, I'll manage to get some time, so run away right away!"

"Huh?"

"You are not an enemy at level 7! On the contrary, you will be killed in an instant."

"Um ..."

What is Alice saying?

Why is so panicked? Why is she in such a hurry?

It's huge, and at first glance it may look ferocious, but ...

After all, it's a hound wolf.

Since it's level 5, there's no reason we can't beat it.

"You don't have to panic? This is just a hound wolf."

"What? What are you saying ..."

"Maybe you haven't encountered a Houndwolf's parents before? If so, it's not surprising. It certainly looks big and ferocious but it’s not so strong ... Yeah, I'm really surprised that you don’t know."

It was because of Letica that my knowledge of the world of adventures was lacking. But Alice was a bona fide adventurer of level 22! How could she not know of such a thing? When even a chore boy like me knows it?

"You don't understand what ...!"

Alice is in a hurry, but why?

……ah I see.

I understand.

Is this also a test to test compatibility?

Can I calmly deal with the giant hound wolf without being surprised?

Alice may be trying to identify that part.

But the test is a failure.

Because of Leticia, I don't seem to know many things ...

But a Houndwolf's parents do come into my field of knowledge.

It's certainly big and looks ferocious.

But after all, it's a level 5 hound wolf.

As expected, even I at level 7 can beat it.

Oh, is that so?

Alice cleaned it up a while ago ...

I think she is acting in such a manner to scare me off guard. Maybe this is also a test.

"Okay, I'll show you that I can do it a little."

"Haru !? Stupid! Stop acting tough, that beast is not your opponent at level 7! You'll be eaten up in an instant! I'll manage to get some time, so you go to the guild and ask around for someone ... ... "

"Fire!"

Go! !! !! The air trembled.

A flame that is even larger than the giant Hound Wolf's parent appears and swallows it all at once.

It had no way to resist.

Its bones burned up and turned everything to charcoal.

"Okay, I've subdued it!"

"..."

"I can do it unexpectedly ... but even then I should be careful and not let my guard down. When a small fry like me gets too high, there's but trouble waiting. Don’t worry I already know that. I know you were trying to help me but that is unnecessary.."

"..."

"Alice? What's wrong?"

"What do you mean by this?"

"Wow"

Alice suddenly makes a loud voice and is surprised.

"What's the magic right now !?"

"Do you know? It's a beginner's fire magic - fire spell."

"I don't know !? Such a fire, I don't know! Ordinary fires produce palm-sized flames when they are at their best !? They don’t produce flames larger than King Wolf and extinguish them in an instant. What ... it cannot be such a thing as a basic fire spell. It was likely explosion magic of an advanced grade of fire magic !!!? "

"Isn't that right? I can't use advanced fire magic. That's the fire of beginner fire magic."

"Ah, something is wrong with Haru's common sense !?"

Alice was confused and scratched her head.

At that point it didn’t seem like acting anymore ... rather it seemed like she was seriously confused.

Um ...

Maybe I'm wrong?

"But it's really a beginner’s fire magic-  fire cast ... You see, you heard it when I said it right? "fire" in my chanting?"

"That's right ... Then, could it be Haru's basic Fire magic is as powerful as advanced fire magic? What, that ... isn't that a ridiculous amount of magic."

"Is this normal?"

"It's not normal!"

I was instantly denied.

"It's not normal ...?"

"At least I've never seen such a fire. Well ... I'm convinced. If you can use such an unconventional fire, King Wolf will be no match for you."

"Um ... I've been curious about it a while ago, but what about King Wolf?"

"It's a monster that became charcoal there."

"Isn't this the parent of a Hound Wolf?"

"No. this one is an evolved Hound Wolf, King Wolf. Level 30. It looks similar, but the strengths and abilities are completely different."

"……Huh?"

I didn't know that. I had believed that I had knowledge in regards to this kind of monster… but it seems like Alice and I were having a hard time in coming to common grounds.

This is Houndwolf's parent ... that's it.

Leticia said so.

I've encountered this one sometime.

At that time, I was more aggressive than I am now and fought ahead of the game. Unlike the current me, the me of that time had yet to be broken by her abuse.

As a result, I was able to defeat it ...

But Letica coldly claimed that I was getting too ahead of myself. .

"That's just a hound wolf. Ha Ha... Just because its a parent and is slightly larger doesn’t mean anything, it's still a level 5 small fry. And you are so elated to defeat such a small fry ... hahahahaha! Seriously, one cannot be more stupid! "

That is what she had said. A particular piece of memory that was still fresh in my brain.

Since then, I have warned myself not to get too ahead of myself. I was aware that I was weak.

In such a manner, I came to recognize this as just a hound wolf.

but……

Is this really a level 30 King Wolf?

Is it a lie?

"I mean, what does your Fire spell really mean? Why is it so humongous? Didn’t you go to the hero party? Didn't they say anything?"

"No, I don't know ... I'm only told that this is a normal fire."

When did it first began?

When I was first able to cast fire to create a huge flame. I was really happy.

I was so happy that I was a little proud of myself. But, Leticia ...

"What? It's a child's play that even children can use. Well, it’s gross that Haru's mental structure is the same as that of a child. Thinking you are some kind of hero just because you can cast some fire. Ha Ha HA Don't pretend to try to imitate me. "

...... I was told that.

So I thought it wasn't a big deal.

"Hmm ... I don't know."

"I don't really understand Haru ..."

What is true and what is false was too obscure to me, because Leticia is imbued my brain with this and that ...

I can't judge anything for myself anymore. I am too broken and tired.

Until now, I've believed in everything Leticia says ...

Although now I walk alone away from her, the information in my head was not corrected, and I don't know how to make a proper decision.

"Let’s put aside making a party for now, I am really worried about you ..."

"I'm also curious ..."

The two of us, look at each other's faces as we were lost deep in thought.

And the same thought flashes across our minds almost at the same time.

"" Adventurer card! ""

If you don't know your abilities, you can update your adventurer card.

That way, you'll get accurate information.

"Let's go now!"

"Wait a minute. I have to peel off the material."

"Oh, that's right. Bad."

The material of the monster not only sells at a reasonable price, but also proves the achievement of the subjugation request.

The King Wolf has turned into charcoal, but you can get the material from the Hound Wolf.

I separated it from Alice and collected the material.

"If you only have this, you can pay the renewal fee."

"Eh? But then Alice's share ..."

"I'm fine. More than that, I can't help but worry about Haru's ability. So don't worry, please accept it."

"Um ... I understand, thank you. I'll someday repay this favor."

"It’s fine, right?"

"No, it’s not."

A smile spills out on my face almost naturally.

This is not the case when I was with Leticia. I can’t believe that I can even smile. This kind of feeling is something I would come to cherish.

I feel very good now.

Does this mean that from now on, I can move as I want and showcase my emotions as I want? Wouldn’t that be a blessing from heaven?

Until now, I couldn't do that ...

It was for the first time that I felt "freedom" from the bottom of my heart.




