---
layout: default
title: "Banished Sage"
description: "8"
subtitle: "Leticia's Perspective"
date: 2021-09-04 02:46:52 +0530
categories: the-banished-sage-who-escaped-his-childhood-friend
permalink: "bswehcf-c8"
---

[Leticia POV]

"……Heal"

I used healing magic to heal my tattered body.

Being a hero, I can use some forms of basic healing magic, though its not as effective as the magic of that of a priest or a saint.

Haru's stupid spell that was filled to the brim with magic power had caused a lot of damage. But I have recovered a little. The burning pain that was running through my body was now somewhat relieved compared to before.

Though, I can still feel my body roaring in pain, but ...

But I can’t care about that now.

"……Stupid……"

No way I would allow Haru to leave the party ...

For him to get out of my control ...  I cannot allow that.

I gritted my teeth as I chose to ignore the pain that rang in my body.

Haru! baka ...!

I can't forgive you for doing such a cheeky thing. Why won’t you consider me.

I can't forgive you!

Haru is mine and mine alone.

No one other than me shall touch him. No one is allowed to hurt him either..

Only I am allowed ...

"……why? Why!"

...Why .?..

Why am I so obsessed with Haru?

Haru is a small fry weakling, and he is so useless that it went to the point of him being of no help

The Hero’s party shouldn’t even tolerate someone as crappy as him.

But I had always kept Haru close to me. I had never allowed anyone to hurt him.

I kept him by my side all the time.

Is that the reason I want him?? ... why? Has it become a habit of mine?

"Ugh ...!?"

My heart hurts.

It hurts so much that it feels like it would break.

Why is it like this … so suddenly ...

It is whe I was thinking about Harul, that my heart started to hurt … it’s his fault. I wonder if he's some kind of plague for me?

"Kuuuu ..."

I returned to the inn of the city, as my steps fluttered. My footing was uneven as I was having a hard time walking.

But the burns on my body weren’t as painful as compared to the plague in my chest.

It was a luxury inn but it seemed so empty. It had nothing to do with Haru. He has left me forever for the rest of his life.

My friends who were drinking on the first floor panicked when they saw me in tatters.

All I could do was clear out a fake smile as I told them that nothing serious had happened.

I had tried to forcefully bring back the weakling called Haru, but he refused and it ended up in us against each other in a battle. And I lost ...

I possibly can't talk about my loss to them.

I went back to my room and removed all of my equipment. All I could do now after my loss was to fall back to bed. Had Haru been here I would have given him an earful.

I stared at the ceiling lost in a daze.

My heart ... still hurts.

"What is this ... why do I have a heartache whenever I think of Haru ...!"

Maybe I was asking myself the wrong question.

To be precise, why did I control Haru through all of these years? I had no answers..

The more I thought about it, the worse my heartache got.

‘If Haru is the one who is causing it… then don't think about him.’

I have to forget about Haru.

After all, he is just a small fry.

This time he happened to beat me, but it was just a fluke. He must have used something unfair.

If we fight it out again, I will definitely win.

Next time, the next time after the next time ... everytime, I should win.

There is no reason to have such a weakling like Haru in my party.

I don’t need to think about him.

After this...If he tries to come back to the party, I will just ignore it. I won’t be as benevolent to him the next time. I was kind enough to him yet he repaid me like this.

That should be it ...

It was at that point that I realized...

"Why am I ...!"

No matter what… no matter how much I try to forget about Harul or to not care about him, I can’t help but keep coming back to him.

I just can't stop thinking about him.

I just naturally start thinking about Haru every time.

Even now.

I have a terrible heartache and it’s all his fault that I am like this. Forgetting him would make things better and yet I can't help myself from reminiscing about Hull.

Why is this ...

"……Ah"

Something struck.

Suddenly my thoughts become clearer.

The heartache also disappeared.

... I remembered the truth, albeit temporarily.

"……Stupid……"

‘I am……’

I can’t help but think of this person all the time. The one who I love more than anyone else.

"I'm sorry ... I'm sorry ... I'm sorry, Haru ..."

Tears spilled out of the dam unconditionally..

I did such terrible things to Haru.

I hurt him and said bad things to him and laughed heartily at his every failure. It was the worst thing that I could do.

It's but understandable for Haru to get angry, give me cold shoulder, and leave the party.

I've been doing terrible things every day ...

Even after all of that if someone still stays at the party, he would be nothing less of a saint..

But Haru is an ordinary person.

He might have tremendous talent, but still he is an ordinary person… he was no saint.

He Laughs and he cries just like everyone else does ... it was no wonder that he would be hurt by my actions..

I should understand that better than anyone else, but I ...

"But ... this is ... also for Haru's benefit."

No matter how terrible I might have been, it wasn't wrong.

I do not deny my actions so far.

Rather, I affirm that it was absolutely necessary.

What were they necessary?

that is……

"If I don't control him ... Haru will die ..."

More than any treasure in the world.

And above the highest honors of the world.

Haru's life is more important than anything else. He is my irreplaceable treasure.

So no matter how much he dislikes it.

I will continue as usual.

I will continue to do horrible things to Haru, even if he is hurt. And I would continue to treasure him. I won’t forget him.

I pat myself as I place my palm over my heart.

I ... I have no regrets!

And I will never regret it!

It is something that must be done! !! !!

"Wait, Haru ... I'll catch you again ...! And this time ... I'll help you ... So then ..."

It was then, my physical strength and energy reached the limit ...

My consciousness faded away and I flopped onto my bed as I fell asleep.