---
layout: default
title: "Banished Sage"
description: "25"
subtitle: "Reliable Friends"
date: 2021-11-16 02:46:52 +0530
categories: the-banished-sage-who-escaped-his-childhood-friend
permalink: "bswehcf-c25"
---

[Next morning]

After having a meal, we all got together and began brainstorming for measures against Leticia.

It seemed that I myself couldn't come up with a good idea on what I was to do and everyone was getting worried. 

While everyone was here Sana was all alone ... I think that was for the best. 

Sana was leisurely reading a book sitting in the guest room.

It was almost scary.

Sometimes I hear her scream... "I don't like it!" Or "Recent humans are so illogical!". 

But I don't understand. What on earth are you even reading ...? 

Anyway. 

Everyone other than her was worried about me ...

But before all of that, I was starting to question my current situation. 

"Um ... are you guys really fine with it?"

I couldn't help but ask.

"What's wrong, Hull? Did you come up with something?"

"It is not like that……" 

I shook my head.

If you think about it carefully, Anju and Nine have nothing to do with my problem.

Sana's presence was also irrelevant to this issue so she had made the right choice. 

but even if such was the case, I had involved two people in this before I knew it ...

And I took it for granted that I would be able seek their help. 

That's no good.

Even involving Alice was already too much but since she was in my part it was understandable, but I got Anju and Nine involved too, who had literally nothing to do with it ...

Thinking objectively, something like that cannot be forgiven. 

...... But when I told them the same. 

"Haru-san, I understand that you are very kind, but please don't speak as if you are all alone in all of this."

"I am helping you for the sake of my lady ... but that's not all. Haru-san. I want to help you as I am grateful to you."

"Hmm ... I'm glad to here that, but I can't afford to rely on both of you forever ..." 

I say that, but...

Ugh. I can't decide.

Isn't it rude to say that their participant is irrelevant even though we have already come this far?

Both Anju and Nine are kind.

And now that I think about it, I did save the two of them. After defeating Sana I was somewhat able to come in tabs wih my strength.

That's why they want to help me ... 

But how can I get them involved in my personal circumstances of that ...?

But at the same time it was rude to keep a distance from them.

Ugh, why am I like this?

I hope that someone solves my dilemma for me. 

"Let me see……?" 

I don't know what to do and I am totally confused.

What should i do? 

"Hey, Haru." 

Alice called out to me in a gentle voice as just what I had completely lost my way. 

"You don't have to worry so much, right?"

"What? I'm just thinking ..."

"I understand. It all over your face. So, it's easy to understand." 

Anju and Nine.

The two of them nodded with persed lips. 

I turned towards Sana. 

"Master is definitely not good at lying, isn't he?" 

It was a little shocking for Sana of all people to say so. 

"Isn't it fine if I solve it myself rather than involving others and causing them trouble?"

After all, I had come so far alone. 

No one had banished me from the hero's party.

I had banished myself.

Besides aren't I strong as they say?

"That's right, but ..." she continued.

"It's not a bad thing to rely on people. People can't live alone, so it's a given than they would hold hands. If you think it's okay to work it out yourself, then take that back. Isn't it rather rude to try to do everything yourself and keep others away? And ... aren't we friends already? "

"……friend……" 

I feel heavy

Those words fell over my palpitating heart. 

I had none of them. The so called childhood friend had already given me enough traumas for me to shiver out of nowhere at every minute stimulus.

"Because I'm a friend, I would never ask for anything in return. If you are in trouble, I'll help you unconditionally ... I can't leave you alone."

"... Yes, that's right." 

Yeah ... it was as Alice said. 

I've just met them ... but

I think Anju and Nine are friends.

I think I am at wrong for wanting to keep them away.

I was at wrong. 

"Sorry, I was wrong."

"Yeah, it's all right," Alice smiled.

"I don't care."

"Same as the young lady."

"I will always be with my master!" 

Everyone accepted me with a smile.

To respond to them with the best smile that I could wield.

To protect their trust.

I will do my best. 

However, this must be done properly. 

I stand in front of everyone ...

Then I bow down my head. 

"I ... I don't know how to deal with Leticia. So please help me everyone. Thank you!" 

I raised my face and checked up on everyone's expresssions. 

Everyone turned looked at each other ...

Nodded in sync.

Then smiled again. 

"""of course"""

"I'll do it!" 

It may be a little exaggerated to say, but ...

At this moment, I felt that our hearts were united. 

―――――――――― 

"Then, let's think about the countermeasures again." 

I asked Alice for her help. 

But then...

The door was slammed opened with a thundering noise. 

"I'm sorry." 

One of the maids who worked at the mansion showed up.

She seemed to be in a hurry and forgot to knock. 

"What's wrong? You are being impolite." 

Nine glared at her causing her to flinch. 

Nine-san appeared to be the head main of the house, and she is strict. She does not tolerate the mistakes of her subordinates. Decorum must always be maintained.

"I'm sorry, but it's an important matter..."

The main looked left and right for an escape.

"... What happened?" 

Seeing the maid's rush, it seems that something happened, and Nine's voice becomes a little softer.

With her poking, it seemed that the main was able to regain her composure. 

And the maid told us the reason behind her haste. 

"The Adventurer's Guild ... has issued an order to detain Anju."

