---
layout: default
title: "Banished Sage"
description: "28"
subtitle: "Search"
date: 2021-12-03 02:46:52 +0530
categories: the-banished-sage-who-escaped-his-childhood-friend
permalink: "bswehcf-c28"
---

Alice, Sana and I went out into the city to find Anju's imposter.

While on the other hand, Anju and Nine were caught up in a home arrest.

As Jin says, it was not okay for them to move around suspiciously and be accused of stranger things. 

But, It felt so wrong...

So, I was trying to clear up this unjustified suspicions with my own hands ...

After all, if its really was Leticia then it was my fault too that they were detained like this.

Please be patient. 

I promised her that I would do something about it.

At that time, I was driven by emotions and somehow tightly squeezed Anju's hands.

But, Anju had a face that was as red as a tomato ...

Was she angry at my careless act?

Should I apologize to her later on? 

"Haru ... you can't do that."

"Master ... That's not good." 

When I shared my thoughts to the two of them for some reason they were against my opinon. 

Anyway. 

"It looks like it won't be easy to find her..." 

We checked some inns.

I also went around the stores and asked, but I couldn't get any information about the imposter who claimed to be the saint. 

Isn't the culprit really cautious?

Or was it the lack in our ability to collect information?

I still don't know which one it was that was causing us to fail... 

"In some of the stories that I had read.. there were saints like... worship us! We're saints! They were all like that... but Anju is really kind." Sana mumbled to herself probably assuming that we were paying ears too.

"Shouldn't being saint be quite a convenient thing ...?"

"I dare to ask, why is Sana so familiar with human stories ...?"

I was probably the last person who should be asking this since I hadn't read any... because of Leticia.

"Originally, I was interested in human beings." 

Sana says ... 

If it came to a dragon like her, it seemed that there are almost no people approaching her because of her power.

Especially if she were to pose as a legendary ancient dragon... 

Sana seemed to have been rather lonely.

No matter how strong she is, she is still a normal girl.

I can't stand seeing others to be that way ...

I guess she began to read stories written by people in order to learn about them. 

And ... I couldn't help but be fascinated. 

Finding them interesting... Sana couldn't help but keep reading them to satisfy her excitement and curiosity. 

And probably that was the reason why Sana became very interested in humans.

She wanted to get closer to humans somehow.

She wanted to talk to them about various things. 

With that in mind, it appears that she chose the Crest Mountain near Arland as her base castle.

However, on the contrary, everyone was afraid of her and fainted as soon as they caught sight of her.

"Then master appeared there ... and I thought. This must be fate!"

"Oh ... Sana was having a hard time too."

"Fuyaaah !?" 

Sana struck out a strange voice as I stroked her head somewhat sympathesizing her. 

In some ways she had her own yearnings too just like me...

Her face had flushed out turning red. 

"Ah, that ... master? It's like you are treating me like a dog ..."

"Ah ... I'm sorry."

"No, don't stop!" 

When I tried to get my hands off, she cried not allowing me to stop.

First that slave thing and now this? I was wrong to have sympathesized with her. 

"Rather, I want you to stroke more! It feels so good to be stroked by master!"

"Is that so?"

"Yesu!"

"Then ... pat, pat."

"Funyaa." 

The dragon was like a cat. 

Even though I had thought that she was stupid, by talking to her more I was able to learn more about her.

Probably...

What am I thinking about? 

How can I think something like this?

I think I was struck at a crossroad again. 

...... Can I and Leticia possibly understand each other through proper discussion?

Maybe we can go back to the our old days?

Suddenly, I thought about that fantasy. 

"Master?"

"... No, nothing." 

But...

Is it a even possible now? 

"Where are you, fake?"

"Well ... if our guess is correct, it won't end in one go. You'll have to repeat the crime again."

"All she is doing is targeting small stores. The big ones are being avoided." 

Say so, as Sana supplements.

I also follow them. 

"And I think it's highly likely that people who have just arrived in this city will be targeted."

"Master, why is that?"

"If you are a long time resident of the city you would more and less have an idea of how Anju looks like at least, as she's the daughter of the lord and also a saint. Given that, it's hard to think of anyone being deceived. She will only target the ones recently moving to the city. And, I think there are many ways for her  to collect information about them considering her connections. " 

All she would have to do is go to a guild and ask them to provide her with the migration list. 

"I see, master is cool! I didn't think so much."

"In that case ... should we also look up the addresses of the new immigrants living in the city?"

"We don't have enough connections. We're not heroes, we're ordinary adventurers. No one would help us with such information."

"I don't think ordinary adventurers will blow the mountains away with flare blasts."

"I don't think ordinary adventurers will make dragons give in with mere flare blasts." 

Two people can put up a pout.

Sigh.

You misunderstood me.

That's not what I meant... 

"Anyway,"

"" Diverted the story "" 

Recently, their words come out almost at the same time.

Were they surprisingly compatible? 

"Let's rule out the possibility that our reasoning is right. Of course, it's possible for us to be wrong ... but if we care too much about that, we'll get stuck. First of all, I think it's better to move on the premise that the reasoning is correct. "

"If the reasoning is correct ... Leticia is the culprit, right?"

"Yeah, so I'm trying to find Leticia instead of trying to find another fake crime scene." 

Leticia is a hero, so she is widely known.

But even if that were the case...

Not all the general public knows about her ...

But it was a different matter if it was someone from the Adventurer's guild or an adventurer.

So the best option was to just ask the Adventurer's Guild. 

"Do you disagree?"

"No"

"No"

"OK, let's gather information at the Adventurer's Guild." 

So we went to the Adventurer's Guild in Arland.

It was quite big, unlike the one at the old town.

When I open the guild door feeling somewhat anxious...

"Oh, it's the hero!"

Leticia was already present at the guild being showered by praise.  