---
layout: default
title: "Banished Sage"
description: "9"
subtitle: "Making a party"
date: 2021-09-04 02:46:52 +0530
categories: the-banished-sage-who-escaped-his-childhood-friend
permalink: "bswehcf-c9"
---


"Welcome back, Haru."

As soon as I returned back to the inn, the first thing that greeted me was Alice’s beautiful smile.

But I couldn’t help but get confused as I grimaced over the event.

But it seems that only I found the situation unusual. Looking at me like that, Alice tilted her head at my mysterious reaction.

"What's wrong?"

"Oh no ..."

It was the kind of feeling that was impossible to explain.

When was the last time when I was welcomed back ...?

For some reason, it felt very nostalgic.

"Thanks……I'm back"

"Yes"

It was at that moment... my legs lost all their strength.

The exhaustion from the battle with Leticia may have come back to haunt me.

THe world spinned around me and before I knew it I collapsed on as I was as my face threatened to slam on the floor ...

"Haru!"

But before I could get myself more injured, Alice took hold of me.

"Are you okay? What happened. You aren’t injured, are you?."

"Well ... it's a long story."

"Yeah, that's fine. I'm curious but I'll leave it to you if you want to share later. For now you just focus on taking rest.”

"……Is that really ok?"

"Yes, definitely."

"Thank you"

I was already at my limit and was barely holding onto my consciousness … finally my body found its release...

"Good night Haru.."

I fell asleep, embraced by Alice's gentle voice.

――――――――――

[Next morning.]

"I'm sorry!"

After we moved to the dining room on the first floor, I bowed to Alice and apologized.

Even though I was in the middle of forming a party together, I acted on my own instead....

When I think I'm back on it, I should have slept on my own ...

To have the disposition of using the same room as Alice who was like a stranger I had just met.

It was indeed careless of me.

"Wait! Why are you apologizing?"

But Alice was too astonished

She had no idea why I was apologizing to her..

I explained the details to her, causing her to widen her eyes.

But she shook her head.

"Don't you care?"

I asked almost unconsciously.

"If there is something that I don't like, then I'll rather say it upfront. So when I don't say anything, I don't really mind much of anything about it. So, don't worry."

"Even if you say so ..."

"Let's talk about something more constructive.”

I didn’t really know much about what she meant.

"Constructive?"

"Let’s talk about our party"

"Ah…!"

"You seem to have completely forgotten about it with a face like that, haven’t you?" she continued, "...that’s really bad."

It’s true. Too many things happened so much that I forgot.

I was being oppressed by Letica.

But then I broke up with her.

And after that I had to confront Leticia in a battle as well to the point of falling unconscious..

"Hmph, I have been thinking about it since yesterday ... What do you think of it Haru? By the way, if its okay with you, then I want to be in a party with you."

"I ... yeah. I also want to be at the same party as Alice."

Alice laughed as my voice stuttered confirming my thoughts.

Both of us were trying to find out if we are a good match or not, but it is worthless. It was not about just a perfect match.

It was just fun to be with Alice and as long as I was with her I could laugh naturally ...

So, if possible, I would like to continue to be with her. It was a nice experience that I had not had the chance to cherish for years.

It might be technically wrong for me to form a party with Alice for that reason alone. But...

However, for me personally? I think that it is an important point for us to be together.

After all, just a day before I was at the best party with the strongest party mate possible. And yet I chose to banish myself from it.

.

"Oh, thank you, I am happy that you feel the same.."

"Ye ..."

"But is it really okay for me?"

I tilted my head not really sure what she was getting at here.  Was it not good for us to party for some reason.

"Yes?"

"I'm a level 22 sword fighter which is quite a low rank. From Haru's point of view, I don't think you would have any for a swordsman at my level."

"Alice is best," I answered immediately cutting her off.

Alice's eyes widened astonishingly.

"It may seem like an exaggeration, but I was saved thanks to Alice, so I hope you will continue to be with you. That’s what I feel."

"... I see.I understand. Then, please take care of me from now on."

"Likewise"

We shook our hands as we shared a heart laugh together.

――――――――――

One must strike when the iron is hot. We chose to do the same.

After deciding to form a party, we immediately headed to the Adventurers Guild and reported to the management about it. Of course since the guild encourages individuals to form parties, they were more than accepting.

There was no particular problem, and the party was officially formed after being accepted safely.

"Because it's such a good event, why don't we try looking for a request?"

"No"

I thought it was a good idea, but Alice rejected me immediately..

"Since we have officially organized a party, there are many things other things too that we need to do."

"Like……what kind?"

"Huh? Don't you know?"

I couldn’t help but sigh.

"I don't know ... I'm sorry. I lack the knowledge that adventurers take for granted."

By spending time with Alice, I realized that I lacked all forms of fundamental knowledge.

So I have no idea what Alice meant when she said about ‘things’ that must be done.

"Hmm ... I'm sorry! I said yesterday that you don't have to force yourself to tell me anything, but I'm curious. I am still wondering what happened to Haru. I'd like to talk about it in the future, if possible."

"That's right ... Yeah. I wanted you to know anyway, so it's just right. You don’t have to apologize."

"Thank you. Let's go back to the inn and talk. It seems I'll have to explain a lot about it today. It’s a long story."

When the troublesome routine for the day was decided and we were about to leave the Adventurer's Guild ...

"I found you, Haru!"

The door of the Adventurer's Guild banged open and it was Leticia who rushed in.