---
layout: default
title: "Banished Sage"
description: "27"
subtitle: "Terrible Possibility"
date: 2021-12-03 02:46:52 +0530
categories: the-banished-sage-who-escaped-his-childhood-friend
permalink: "bswehcf-c27"
---

"What do you mean?"

"As a guild representative, I don't think it's really the crime of the saint, because we knows her personality and achievements more than anyone else."

"Is that so? Then why did they issue a detention order?"

"Since there was a complaint, I can't dismiss it from a one-sided point of view without evidence. So I send someone to the saint. It might be wrong but we had to show them that we are carrying out the required processions, to prove that the guild isn't taking sides. "

"So that's it……" 

It looked like there was no lie in his words.

Even if I try to find faults with his reasoning, I can't really find anything strange.

Can I trust him? 

"Aren't you a little too laid back?" 

Alice, who was listening to the conversation next to us, asked a question. 

"Does the guild think that the same thing would happens repeatedly even when you keep a watch on Anju?"

"That's right. I feel that the possibility of that is high."

"What is the basis?"

"If it was a a normal scam or theft they wouldn't bother to deceive the name of the saint. It's normal to think that there is some motivation behind such actions? I don't know if it's a grudge or some other reason ...But, whoever it is he'll repeat it again. That's what the guild thinks. " 

So that's it.

It's a convincing enough if you were to ask to me. Though I wouldn't recommend anyone to rely on my faulty knowledge. 

I mean ... hmm.

When I heard the man's story, a suspicion popped into my head. 

Maybe ...? 

"That's why, for the saint's surveillance period... I was dispatched as a human resource to clear the suspicion. Oh, bad, I didn't introduce myself. I'm Jin Dáinsleif. An adventurer who is mainly active in this city. " 

Man ... Jin presented an adventurer card.

The information is written exactly as he just said.

I hear it's difficult to forge an adventurer card, so I'm sure he's not lying. 

"We have the right to veto, but ... I think it's better to accept him so that we clear out suspicion ..."

"... I see. Let's welcome Jin as a guest of the Autumn family."

"Are you sure you want to have him, young lady?"

"It's more of a problem to refuse here. It doesn't feel good to be monitored, even to clear the suspicion ... but I'll put up with it."

"Don't worry. Watching doesn't mean you're stuck all day long. When you go out, you'll accompany me ... at home, just tell me what you were doing at night."

"Is that all right?"

"That's right. As someone from the guild, I hardly doubt the saint. It's okay as long as I am there for a good lookout. I don't think I can peep during a bath with my brother being there. So you can just ignore me completely. It doesn't matter even if you do something erotic. "

"What  ...!?" 

Anju's face turned red due to his sharp remarks that seemed to have no decency. 

"... If you dare to look into my lady's bath, then your neck will fly off, so be careful."

"Oh, oh ..." 

Nine threatened Jin, pulling out the twin swords out of nowhere again.

It seemed that he couldn't prevent it this time, perhaps because she was exerting more power than usual to protect the chastity of her lady. 

Women are scary when they get angry. 

"... I'm reluctant, but as long as the young lady approves, we will treat Jin as a guest of the Autumn family. I will say again. I'm reluctant, but I'll show you to the guest room for the time being, so you can leave your luggage there. But even then. I'm still reluctant. "

"Hey, how many times do you have to say that you're reluctant. Do you really have to hurt uncle so much?"

"I'm saying it so that it hurts, so I couldn't be more glad." 

Nine, she's tough to deal with...

Well, given what I claimed earlier, I can't afford to defend Jin at all. 

"Then, thank you for taking care of me from now on." 

Jin laughed lightly and was taken out of the room by another maid. 

"Fu ..." 

Suddenly, I get a little confused.

I took a light deep breath and calmed down. 

"It's Leticia, Anju's fake ..."

"Yes"

"It's probably just my intuition ... But isn't these two incidents connected?"

"Oh, did Haru think so too?"

Alice turned towards me.

"That means you thought so too..." 

It seems that Alice and I have arrived at the same answer. 

"That ... it seems that we have the same thoughts."

"Similarly, I think so too." 

There seems to be no objection between Anju and Nine. 

"Wow, it's so dangerous! Humans sure are illogical!" 

Only Sana kept reading books at her own pace unconcerned of what was happening around her.

Yeah, let's leave her alone. 

"I think Leticia is the culprit in this case ..."

"" Leticia? "" 

Everyone's voices overlapped perfectly. 

I thought we were on the same page... Were they thinking of something else?

Sigh

The first thing that was an immediate giveaway were the criminal's words that came as a testimony from the owner of the armor shop.

It might be possible that only I noticed it since I am her childhood friend....

But it was very Leticia-ish. 

Selfish, arrogant and rotten.

Also, it's just like her to call the shop with phrases like 'small fry shop' etc. 

And the timing when the incident happened.

Immediately after Leticia appeared, Anju's fake made an appearance too.

The timing was too good to be ignored.

I think it's no wonder that she had something to do with it. 

"But why are you doing something like faking to be Anju?"

"That's a mystery ... Even if she does that, Leticia won't really benefit from it."

"Hmm? Don't you understand that?" A feminine voice resounded out of nowhere.

Sana, who was reading a book, suddenly turned her gaze toward us.

It seems that she was listening to everything all along. Quite the stupid eavesdropper she was. 

"Eh? Do you understand Sana?"

"I understand. After all, I am your disciple that you can count on." 

I don't remember her being a disciple ...

I felt like I was being forced onto it. 

"Can you tell me what you think at least?"

Arousing curiousity and leaving like that is no fair...

"That's an easy thing to do. Master, that hero is jealous of Anju."

"……jealous?"

"She didn't like the fact that my master was close to the saint, so she tried to deceive master by using the saint's name as an alias, so that master would grow to despise the saint."

"that is……"

I was about to refuse that theory but...

"... You are right!" 

An affirmation flew out from an unexpected place.

It was Alice.

Her face had turned grim with a serious expresssion as if she had wholeheartedly accepted Sana's ridiculous story. 

"You might think it's impossible for something like that to be her motivation, but ... it's not impossible with Leticia's personality. Or maybe she couldn't have done anything else but this."

"That's right."

"Isn't Sana really smart to see through the whole incident in almost the first shot ... Sana?"

'But I was the one who had figured out that it was Leticia...'

I wanted to complain. I felt like I was being underestimated for the first time.

"That? I don't know if I am being praised or judged." 

Alice seemed to be pushing Sana's reasoning.

Anju and Nine ... 

"I see ... if you ask me, that's right. I've only seen it for a while but ... Leticia seemed to be very particular about Haru."

"She took that reasoning to consider the young lady as an enemy and eliminate her. Dragon is right. I have no idea of ​​anyone else with any motivation to harm my lady other than her... I think this is the only possibility. " 

Everyone seems to agree with Sana's reasoning.

that?

Am I the only one who really thinks it's too absurd?

But after they reasoned out, everyone seemed sooo right. 

I can't refute that girls have sharp points ...

I mean, it's amazing. How come I am the only one who can't understand Leticia's reasoning?

"For the time being, let's move in the direction that Leticia is suspicious. How about?"

"""No objection""" 

With everyone's approval, our future policy was decided.