---
layout: default
title: "Banished Sage"
description: "20"
subtitle: "At the worst timing"
date: 2021-10-15 02:46:52 +0530
categories: the-banished-sage-who-escaped-his-childhood-friend
permalink: "bswehcf-c20"
---

"I'm really sorry, I got ahead of myself."

"Um ..." 

The dragon was bowing in front of me.

I wonder if I'm possibly dreaming ...?

But no matter how much I think about it, but it's not a dream anymore. 

"I am sorry I lied. I'm actually an ordinary dragon ... I'm somewhat a little magically resistant than the others, and there's nothing special about it ... Still, humans were scared and it was easy too fool them, so I just got ahead of myself and threatened ever since I came here. I'm sorry"

"Um ... I don't really care about the details." 

I turned around and stole a glance at Alice and the others.

It seemed that none of them had any idea as to how to deal with the current situation. And they couldn't help but smile bitterly. 

"No one here is angry at you, so please raise your head."

"Oh ... I feel so nostalgic. Even though I am resistant to magic, my power actually never grows and has become stale. And I couldn't seek anyone's help about it. There aren't many people like you, even among the dragons."

I didn't understand much as to what she meant. But in regards to the question that followed...

"Can I ask you for your name?"

"Haru. Haru Traiter"

"I am Sana" 

It is just me? Or she had a human-like name?

We were assuming tiles like 'Dragin of the Crest Mountain' and all of such but it seemed it was unnecessary.

I wonder if name giving on birth is any different between humans and dragons? 

"I decided!"

"What? What?"

"Master! Please make me your disciple!"

"Eh !?" 

I almost fell over at this sudden proclaimation.

I can't hide my surprise from this sudden change of development. 

A dragon wants to be my disciple...

As expected, this is abnormal, isn't it? A least I have never heard of a human teaching a dragon.

"" "..." " 

Everyone was equally stunned.

Alright, this seems unusual. I was worried that my knowledge of the world was too limited for me to judge something like this. But it seems that such was not the case.

Good. 

"Um ... why do you want to be my disciple?"

"I'm embarrassed to say this ... But I've been growing up close to the humans, I had met many of them. But my master is different. He was not scared of me even though I posed as an ancient dragon, he is heading for his goals with all of his strength. I couldn't help but be impressed. "

It seems that lately I have been misunderstood a bit too much. I don't have any goals for now except for escaping from Leticia's reach. Far away from her.

"Even if you say that ... I'm not in a position to take a disciple." 

I don't even have a lot of power ... no, maybe I have.

To think about it objectively, since I won the power match with the dragon, then I can at least say that I am stronger than Sana. 

But, I couldn't be confident because I am still being struck down by Leticia ... the painful memmories still plagued me day and night. I couldn't sleep in peace.

I was strong and won the duel yet she refused to give up and continyed to stalk me. I couldn't help but run away from her.

Someone who couldn't even overcome his own past wasn't suited to be a teacher.

On the other hand it was indeed true, that by traveling along with Alice as adeventurers the thorns in my heart had somewhat come off...

But even if I am able to overcome my shackles somewhat, I strongly insist that I am not in a position to take a disciple.

Even if I am stronger than Sana. All I know are the four types of magic spells one of them being learnt recently.

I had no combat technique to speak of.

Such a person like me cannot teach things to others. There was nothing to teach in the first place. 

That's what I wanted to tell Sana so ...

"I want to learn how to weild that spirit possessed by my master! I don't care about power or anything like that. Please tell me the secret behind the strength of your heart!"

Sana was not convinced.

"Even if you say so ..." 

I was in trouble.

I have no intention of taking a disciple.

But she was the type that doesn't pull back so easily. 

"Um ... you see, I'm a human and you're a dragon. Isn't it somewhat inconvenient for us to spend time together?"

Well, that seems to be proper excuse. 

I can't really move around in the city with a dragon could I?

"Is it a size issue? Then it's okay!"

"Huh?" 

Sana raised her head up and took a step back.

And then she raised both of her hands in the air.

"Hai!" 

In the brink of a moment...

she was surrounded by a blinding light.

After a while, when the light dissipitated and the view returned to normal ... the dragon had disappeared and left a young girl. 

"If I am like this, then there is no problem, is there !?"

What was the girt talking about.

"... Sana, is that you?"

"Yes, I am Sana! I've transformed myself with magic! Now I can stay with you!" 

A dragon can do anything it seems. 

"Um ..." 

What should I do?

There is no reason for me to decline. Even though I was incompetent she was following me along with her own will.

I am neither a master or prepared to take in a vessel, but even if I were to say that, she won't be convinced ...

I don't feel good to refuse Sana anyway, I think it would be a little too harsh on her if I were to refuse her after so much pleading. 

What should i do?

I turned to Alice for help, But she went blank under my gaze. 

"……go for it" she muttered. "...Sorry Haru. I have no clue what to do here."

"No way, Alice!" 

Sigh

I was denied any help.

It was a hassle, so she likely felt like leaving Sana to me. 

"Master, please! Make me your disciple!"

"Even if you say that ..."

"I'll do anything! So please take me with you!!"

She began to cry cliging onto me.

I don't think this is going in the right direction...

"It's impossible……"

"I will do anything. If you want it I would even do that!"

"What……!?"

My jaws fell off slack. No... there was something wrong here.

"You may not be attracted to my body, but I will do my best to serve you! I will accept any kind of plays! If I can't be your student, then I will be your slave! Please! UwU, master! " 

"That's even worse than before!" I cried.

How could Sana say something ridiculous like that with a teary face? This ain't happening.

It was then...

"What...?!"

There was a squeak and the sound of someone stumbling upon behind me. 

I turned behind to check ... 

"Haru? What are you thinking making a young girl like that your slave ...?" she asked as her face seemed to turn pale.

It was Leticia. 