---
layout: default
title: "Banished Sage"
description: "26"
subtitle: "Imposter"
date: 2021-11-24 02:46:52 +0530
categories: the-banished-sage-who-escaped-his-childhood-friend
permalink: "bswehcf-c26"
---

"Detention ... Order?" 

It was no wonder that I was confused when I heard those words. 

The Adventurer's Guild is not only responsible for the city's mission list, but also for maintaining its security. 

It was officially supposed to be the knights of the lord that were supposed to maintain security ...

But there are places that the Knights alone cannot reach.

Aside from the big crimes, small incidents happen countless times every day. 

The Knights cannot afford to deal with each one of them.

However, if you have a guild who have more than double the number of adventurers as knights can easily deal with it. 

So the Adventurer's Guild also plays a role in maintaining the security of the city.

It's power and authority being relatively large.

Ocassionally they might even want to detail knights when they find them guilty for any kind of crime. 

This time around the situation and the exercise of authority were no different.

But why Anju?

She shouldn't have done anything to be detained ... 

"Stupid !? A restraint order for the young lady ... What was the basis for the guild to make such a decision !?"

"That ..." 

Her pupils flickered left and right as she seemed to be reluctant to saying it out aloud. Her eyes had been specifically pointing towards me.

It may be difficult for her to talk in front of my presence. 

"It doesn't matter, talk. Rather, it may be better to consult Haru-san and the others."

"Yes, I see ... that, according to the Adventurer's Guild ..." 

A party visited a certain armor shop.

The party bought enough to please the owner.

And at the time of accounting... 

["I'm the daughter of the lord of Arland, Anju, the saint! You should be happy. You can advertise your small fry store as somewhere I had came to buy. Oh yeah. Send the bill at my mansion, okay see you." ]

It was reported that the culprit left the store without paying.

The owner of the shop seems to have recently moved to Arland and doesn't know much about Anju.

However, since the culprint was a saint, the owner was convinced that the culprit's claims were true. 

But today.

When he had requested for the payment, he had to only go home empty handed.

He felt that he was deceived and thus submitted a damage report to the Adventurer's Guild.

If the saint of the land commits a fraud, it will lead to a rather bigger problem.

That's why, the investigation was carried out immediately ... and it had continued until now. 

"Sure, I've heard from the other maids that a merchant had came with such a claim, but it's not possible. The young lady hasn't been shopping for the past few days, and she was traveling with Haru-sama and Alice-sama. I was there too. "

"Yes, I said that, but probably because of multiple complaints, the Adventurer's Guild didn't listen ... and even issued a detention order. From the guild. People have been dispatched, and they are already here ... "

It was exactly then...

"I'll have to trouble you here." 

It was a large adventurer, about 30 years old, who entered the room without hesitation.

Grinning while messing with the stubble on his chin with his fingertips. 

"Who are you? I don't remember inviting someone like you to the Autumn family."

"Hey, it's a grumpy maid. Should I laugh at this a little more?"

"... I will consider you as a suspicious person and eliminate you!" 

Out of nowhere, Nine picked up her twin sword.

I wonder if it's hidden somewhere inside her clothes so she can pick them out whenever she wants. 

She ran at the speed of the wind and swung the twin blades at the grinning man.

For the time being, it seemed that she had adjusted the trajectory, and was attacking from the blunt side of the blade. 

However, 

"Oops, that's dangerous"

"What !?" 

The man pinched the twin swords with both hands and two fingers and shoved them away.

What a dynamic visual acuity and reflexes.

Besides, his power too is incredible. 

To face off an acrobat like Nine-san with such a cool face ...

This man is quite capable. 

"Well, calm down. I didn't come here to fight."

"What are you playing around with ...! I heard that the Adventurer's Guild issued an order to detain the young lady! If you were dispatched from there, you would be buying the animousity of the young lady!"

"I do not want to... fight"

"I won't let lay even one finger on my lady!" 

When Nine let go of the twin swords, as she switched her armament to just an empty fist.

With a swiftly flowing movement, fist and kick and then again fist were alternately delivered.

It's was very smooth and skilled attack, that appeared as if she was spinning like a top. 

However, it still doesn't do any good to the man. It was useless.

He caught every one of them and avoided them in mere millimeters. 

"Hey, stop this ... at least listen to what people have to say!"

"What!?" 

The man quickly became impatient and decided to fight back.

It's was a sharp blow in between an accurate gap between her attacks. 

That's bad! 

"Shield!"

"What !?" 

The magic shield I deployed blocked the man's fists at once. 

"Oh ... fuck, what is this !?" 

The man fist collided as they were squashed against the magical shield.

It was like hitting an iron wall with him hitting it with full force, so the reaction too would be equally convincing. 

"Tuuuu ... what is this? Magic ...? Did your just do it?"

"Oh, that's right."

"It's amazing ... not only to develop magic in such an instant, but also to aim between me and the maid, so precisely ... and the strength is outstanding. Brother, aren't you quite the unique one here?"

"Um ... maybe?" 

I understand that I'm a little weird because everyone kept telling me this and that.

However, it's embarrassing to admit that I'm the only one who is weird ...

I accept that I am a little stupid. 

"Nice ... the world is so big. To meet someone as strong as brother. By the way, can you please step back?"

"Eh? I don't want to fight either, as long as you don't touch Anju and Nine ..."

"Then, what would you say if I were to force the saint and that maid to be restrained?"

"... At that time, I will stand against you with all of my might"

"What!?" 

With a firm determination in my heart, I strongly said it.

Then the man quivered. 

"Well, what's this pressure ...!? Why am I trembling ...!?

"Are you seriously going to act upon your current words? Answer!"

"... I see. I lost. I won't do that, I swear."

"If it's so, then okay" 

When he stops glaring, the man sighs while wiping his sweat. 

"Fuuuu ... I was scared. To think even before the fight I gave in... there's a guy who can make me think that I stand no chance ... the world is really wide. And, I don't like it. "

"It feels like an overestimate ..." 

Because I haven't done anything yet at all. 

"My brother seems to underestimate himself. I'll have to ask you to correct that misunderstanding, I haven't seen a monster like him."

"..."

"Oops, my bad. I just wanted to say that you are amazing. Well, my choice of words were bad. I'm sorry." 

Hmm, I was about to complain but...

Since he had honestly apologized, I can't really complain anymore.

Surprisingly, he was a good person ……? 

"So ... I want to get back to the main subject, is that okay?"

"Are you going to detain Anju? Then I ..."

"Ah, wait, wait. Listen to me first."

"……lets listen"

"Even if she is detained, they are not arresting or interrogating her by any means. I don't know much ... but I feel like they'll be watching over her while they clear the charges."





