---
layout: default
title: "Banished Sage"
description: "6"
subtitle: "First Rage"
date: 2021-09-04 02:46:52 +0530
categories: the-banished-sage-who-escaped-his-childhood-friend
permalink: "bswehcf-c6"
---


Most cities have high walls to prevent the invasion of monsters.

But when you pass through the larger gate intercepting monsters, you would see a small square.

It was created as a waiting area for people because of the occasional inspections by the authorities..

Amongst such a facility, there was a figure of Leticia in the square waiting for someone.

"You are late!"

When I realized the existence of this figure, my body became sluggish all on its own. I make a rattling footstep and approach while my shoulder moped down..

"Slow, slow, slow, slow! How can you be so daring to keep me waiting. That not allowed for Haru! Didn't I tell you that you are my ugly servant. You cannot keep your master waiting?"

"... I'm not Leticia's servant."

"Huh !? I said it in the morning, could it be that you didn’t hear it properly? Who do you think I am? I was given the title of hero, there are only seven people in the world who bore that title. I am the chosen one! Originally, you can't even meet me face-to-face, let alone make me talk to small fry like Haru! Do you understand that? "

Leticia's verbal attacks were in great shape like always, probably because there were no people around and she could let loose without bothering about anything. After all, only I knew of her rotten side.

Now that even the party members are not there, it has become more intense than when I was at the party.

In the past, I was scared of this storm of rants and cusses and couldn't do anything ...

But it's different now.

I've already broken up with Leticia.

I have to show that clearly not only in words but also in attitude and actions.

"Letica"

"What? ...?"

I called out her name without reacting to any rants. She was probably hoping for me to apologize but that was never gonna happen anymore.

Leticia seems to be confused by the reaction that I haven't seen before, and she's a little frustrated.

"You don't have to worry about me anymore"

"……what?"

Leticia’s eyes shot out wide..

But. I continued my words, no matter what.

"I can't be at Letica's party anymore."

"Why does that have to happen? I don't know what it means."

"I don't know ...either"

It seems that Leticia, who is the pivot of everything, doesn't understand anything which she has done to me.

She posed as if she did not understand my intention at all, even though she made a big reaction to me leaving the party. It was like she could never come to believe that I could leave her party.

Why did you become such a rotten person?

In the old days, she was kinder and more intelligent than anyone else ...

She was very straight with her words.

I can’t help but feel sorry about that ...

However, as it has already passed, I keep my memories in the depths of my heart.

I can't erase my memories conveniently, but ...

Let's stop looking back.

Let's finish it today.

"I'm not going to travel with Leticia anymore, so I'm out of the party. Can you stop getting involved with me from now on?"

"... Hey"

Leticia's eyes narrowed to a sash.

I too had a clear anger in my eyes ...

It was an atmosphere that seemed to explode at any given moment.

"Even though I added a guy like Haru to the party with a benevolent heart, yet what does he give me back for that favor? Is even a small fry like Haru against me now?"

"... Don't do that. I can't hear you anymore."

"Don't be silly !!!"

Suddenly, Leticia was snapped.

A loud voice seemed to echo in the city and my heart throbbed as it started beating like crazy out of fear.

"Gut ...!?"

"Okay? Haru seems to be misunderstanding, so I'll tell you properly this time. Don't get your hopes high with leaving the party, that's not what Haru can decide. It's all up to me. ! "

"It seems I can’t do anything out of what you say ..."

"That’s true!"

She had always done so. She blocks my objection and says what she thinks is right and convenient for her, as if it were truly what I must do.

"Haru has to do what I say! That's the truth of the world! Otherwise, Haru ..."

"Leticia ...?"

Leticia's face was distorted as she was lost in a daze.

Maybe something was wrong, it was only for a moment.

But immediately she returned to his anger and glared at me.

"If you still don't understand, I'll say it clearly. Haru is my property !!!"

"……!!!"

Am I the property of Leticia?

That's not right.

Because Alice told me.

I'm me ...

I don't belong to anyone else ...

Should I believe in Leticia? Should I believe in the one who had abused me despite once being a friend?

Or

Should I believe in Alice? Should I believe in someone who was a complete stranger.

Indeed, both of the options didn’t seem right.

But my answer is ...

"……Do not be silly"

"eh?"

"Don't be silly!"

I shook off Leticia's hand and smashed her shoulder pushing her away.

I haven't put much effort into it ...

But the unexpected reaction seemed to be a shock to her, and Leticia just sticks to her back.

I hit Leticia with a cry of my heart.

I dispeled all the indignation that has accumulated for more than 5 years.

"I have to do what you say? I am your servant? All the decisions about me belong to you? I belong to Leticia? All that is just what Leticia says !!!"

"Ah ... is Haru ...?"

"That ... Leticia, what are you going to do? Why do you think you can manage all of me? That’s funny. I have my will. I am not your toy or something else !!! "

"That's ... chi, chiga ..."

"It's not different !? When you open your mouth, all I become is but a small fry and a useless support, didn’t you keep saying that every day! Every single day? Did you think I wasn't hurt? If you think so then that's hardly the case, I'm hurt too !!! I couldn't help but be bothered when my important childhood friend did that to me! It broke me beyond repair! "

"But, I ... for Haru..."

"If you really think of me, leave me alone! Don't get involved with me! I ... I ..."

Somewhere in my heart, a warning was issued that it was overstated.

However, once the feelings have heated up, they cannot be easily erased.

For the first time, I rebelled against Leticia.

And I had no idea when to apply the brakes ...

I will run to the very end.

"I hate Leticia !!!"

"……!?"

I said it.

I told her..

This completely cut the ties between me and Leticia.

She is already another person and so am I.

"That's why don't get involved with me anymore."

"..."

"From today, I and Leticia are strangers. If you make a mistake, don't call me."

"..."

"Then. And ..."

I was wondering if I should say the last words ...

"... then goodbye and thank you for so far."

I said such words of gratitude. But was there really any gratitude in my heart?

I cannot forgive Laticia for what she did to me. Neither is it hard for me to erase my memories..

But there is nothing in the word that I truly hate. That was simply not in my nature. It was true that I was quite modest and that was the very reason that I was brought to this state.

She was a childhood friend.

We spent our childhood together and then became adventurers together ...

I walked the same way.

No matter how badly you are treated, your memories will not change.

It ’s the worst memory, but ...

It was only thanks to that, I was able to gain strength, such as reaching level 82 before I knew it.

If not for anything I could thank her at least for fortifying me for pain.

Thank you for that point ...

I send the last words to the companion who once traveled with me.

This is the end.

I'm on my way.

Leticia’s way is of her own.

Let's walk on each other’s own sought out paths.

...... I thought so. That was what I felt.

"... Wait!"

Leticia stands up. She was yet not prepared to give up.

Her face was blue like ice and pale as white.

I raided my eyebrows as I turned back to her response.

"If Haru leaves me ... I won't forgive you! Absolutely not ... I'll never allow it !!"

"Did you not hear what I said? It's not your decision. It's up to me to decide who I'm with."

"Still !!!!"

Leticia pulled out her waist sword, screaming to vomit blood.

"Haru is mine ...!"

"Hey ... are you serious?"

"I'll cut off those limbs and hold you tightly within my arm so that you can no longer leave me and can no longer say anything silly again ... yes, that's the best thing to do."

"Seriously ... it looks like"

The killing intent overflowed from Leticia. It was the real deal. Probably she won’t come to kill but it wasn’t any better either.

I held onto my cane as a measure of defence.

To be honest I had expected it. I brought it just in case there might be such a development ...

But who would have thought that reality would be so cruel? That the nightmares were part of my reality now..

"I will slash them apart !!!"

"If you can do it, try it"


